Aurion
Luxury in motion.
toyota.com.au
Front cover: Presara model shown
This page: Sportivo model shown
It’s apparent from the very first glance. The graceful 
posture, sleek lines and sophisticated styling make  
it clear that Aurion is truly a luxurious vehicle.
Step behind the wheel, and that sense of understated 
elegance is only enhanced – with the high quality 
finishes, the spaciousness, and the array of intuitive 
technology that make driving a simple and seamless 
pleasure. And under the bonnet, the powerful and 
efficient V6 engine responds with utmost precision. 
Aurion is in a class of its own, a vehicle for those who 
place a premium on sophistication, who value the truly 
refined, and wherever they go, choose to go in style.
Take a more  
luxurious drive.
Presara model shown
Engineered to be enjoyed.
First impressions are powerful and when you first lay eyes on the Aurion,  
it’s clear this is a car that will get you noticed in the best possible way.  
From every angle, the carefully crafted lines and sleek, confident profile 
speak not just to refined style, but intelligent aerodynamics. 
Alloy wheels are available as standard across the Aurion range. On Sportivo, 
the head turning 18" black alloy wheels are as performance orientated as 
they look, while the 17" alloy wheels on Presara are pure class in motion. 
And the silver metallic alloy wheels that are optional for Presara, are certain 
to shine out from the crowd.
Throughout the Aurion range – from the elegance of the Presara, to the 
athletic prestige of the Sportivo model, you’ll find individual interpretations 
of luxury, and a sense of style that perfectly matches your own.
Presara model shown
Ivory Leather Accented interior – Presara model shown
From the moment you step inside the Aurion you’re enveloped in luxury.  
It starts with the opulent interior, and extends right through to the array 
of clever technologies, such as the keyless Smart Entry and Start 
system, and the clever electric rear sunshade 1 that provides shade and 
protects from the heat and sun. 
When it comes to sound, Aurion delivers, with an audio system 
highlighted by an impressive 6.1" audio display screen. Choose the 
Presara and you’ll enjoy the JBL premium audio system with 7" screen 
display complete with Digital Radio (DAB+), 2 Satellite Navigation 3  
and SUNA™ Traffic Channel. 4 Then connect your smartphone with 
T oyota Link5 to find fuel, accommodation, plan trips, receive real time 
advice, easy-to-follow directions and the latest weather information, all 
delivered through the audio unit.
Need to make or receive a phone call or change your music? Aurion 
makes that a seamless experience too – with steering wheel mounted 
audio controls, and Bluetooth ®6 connectivity for audio streaming and 
hands-free mobile calls. Then settle back and enjoy an easier drive 
thanks to voice control being fitted as standard across the Aurion range.
The height of technological 
sophistication.
A. Electric rear sunshade – Sportivo model shown
B. USB input for audio devices – Presara model shown
C. Luxurious finishes – Presara model shown
D. Satellite Navigation  – Presara model shown
E. Smart Start Button
A.
C.
D. E.
B.
For the true pleasure  
of driving.
A. Optitron Combimeter with Multi Information Display (MID) 
B. Rain sensing wipers – Image for illustration purposes
Every last detail of the Aurion has been designed for comfort, convenience 
and pleasure. From the dual-zone climate control air conditioning, 
ensuring you and your passengers are always at the perfect temperature, 
to the acoustic insulation technology that blocks outside noise and 
keeps the cabin whisper quiet, Aurion is a genuine delight to drive. 
You’ll notice immediately the sense of space – with added legroom in 
the back seats created through clever sculpting of the door trims and 
seatbacks. Specially designed for comfort, the rear seats have been 
shaped for optimum sitting posture, and the driver’s seat is equipped with 
advanced lumbar support for extra comfort, even on those long drives. 
Right before your eyes, the twin dial combimeter glows in luxurious  
blue and white tones, while the full colour 4.2" Multi Information  
Display (MID) delivers a brighter, sharper view of all you need to know  
– including ECO Drive data of your journey to help you drive with greater 
efficiency. And with rain sensing wipers on the Presara, the Aurion is a 
pleasure to drive even in adverse conditions.  
A.
B.
There’s nothing quite so important as the safety of everyone on board. 
Even on the shortest of trips, it’s reassuring to know that you’re buckling 
up in a vehicle awarded the maximum 5-star ANCAP safety rating.
Aurion boasts a comprehensive range of active and passive safety 
features to help you steer clear of trouble. From Anti-lock Braking System 
(ABS) to Brake Assist (BA), Traction Control (TRC) to Electronic Brake-
force Distribution (EBD), Aurion’s intelligent braking system will ensure 
more control and more stopping power. And with the addition of Vehicle 
Stability Control (VSC), you can brake through corners with confidence. 
A reversing camera7 with moving guidelines plus front and rear parking 
sensors are standard across the range to help you manoeuvre safely 
into tight spaces. On Presara, Blind Spot Monitor 7 (BSM) uses radars 
to inform drivers if vehicles are present in their blind spots and the 
Rear Cross Traffic Alert7 (RCTA) uses the same sensors to warn you of 
approaching traffic when reversing out of a parking space.
With the extra safety of seatbelt warning indicators across the range,  
you can enjoy peace of mind behind the wheel. And should a collision 
ever occur, you and your passengers will be protected from every 
direction with seven SRS airbags that includes driver’s knee protection. 
There’s no playing it safe  
on safety.
A.
A. Seven SRS airbags – Image for illustration purposes
B. Traction Control (TRC) and Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) – Image for illustration purposes
B.
3.5 litre Dual VVT-i V6 engine
Beneath the sleek lines of Aurion’s bonnet you’ll find an advanced  
3.5 litre Dual VVT-i V6 engine capable of an impressive 200kW.  
Highly responsive, and smoothly delivered, it’s a sense of power and 
poise that brings enjoyment to even the most mundane journeys.  
And it’s all achieved with a combined fuel efficiency of just 9.3L/100km.8 
But the performance doesn’t stop under the bonnet. The suspension 
has been specifically tuned to improve driving performance and 
enhance the handling as well as being matched to bring out the best 
in the 18" alloy wheels, standard on the Sportivo grade. Shift gears 
with ease, with a smooth and efficient automatic 6-speed sequential 
shift transmission. Plus, in Sportivo, you’ll enjoy quick response sports 
paddle-shift technology, for faster gear changes and a more exciting, 
dynamic drive.
Superior performance, 
delivered powerfully.
Quick response sports paddle-shift – Sportivo model shown
AT-X 
Big on comfort and style,  
Aurion AT-X includes:  
• 3.5 litre V6 petrol engine
• 200kW power output
• 6-speed sequential shift transmission
• 16" alloy wheels
• Dual exhaust
•  Driver and passenger’s vanity  
mirror illumination
• Acoustic windshield
•  Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable  
with lumbar support
• Exterior mirrors with side indicators
• Dual-zone climate control air conditioning
• Cruise control
•  Multi Information Display (MID) with  
‘ECO’ indicator
• Optitron Combimeter
•  Steering wheel mounted controls  
with Bluetooth ®6
• AUX + USB input with iPod ®9 connectivity
• T oyota Link5
•  6.1" screen audio display, single CD player, 
AM/FM tuner
• Smart Entry and Start system
• Electric Power Steering (EPS)
• Auto-on/off headlamps
•  Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with 
Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) 
and Brake Assist (BA)
•  Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) and  
Traction Control (TRC)
•  Reverse camera 7 and Back Guide Monitor 
with dynamic lines
• Front and rear parking sensors
Every style of luxury.
From the effortless excellence of the AT-X, to the 
uncompromising class of the Presara, to the ultimate 
sports luxury of the Sportivo, there’s an Aurion for 
every taste, and every style.
Sportivo 
The ultimate in sports luxury,  
Sportivo includes all of the features  
of AT-X, as well as:  
 
• Quick response sports paddle-shift
• Sports suspension
• 18" black alloy wheels
•  Sports body kit including front spoiler  
and side/rear skirts
• Sports grille
• Front fog lamps
• Sports designed front seats
• Sports pedals
• Premium 3-spoke steering wheel 
• Electric rear sunshade
Presara 
The ultimate in sophistication and 
uncompromised style, Presara includes  
all of the features of AT-X, as well as:
• 17" alloy wheels
• Rear lip spoiler
• Leather Accented interior and premium  
 door trim
• Driver’s seat memory
•	Front	scuff	plates
• Chrome door handles
• Premium steering wheel
• Moonroof – glass tilt and slide
• LED headlamps and front fog lamps
• Automatic high beam
• Rain sensing wipers
• JBL premium audio with 7" screen display,  
 Digital Radio (DAB+), 2 Satellite Navigation 3 
	 and	SUNA™	Traffic	Channel 4
• Electric rear sunshade
• Blind Spot Monitor 7	with	Rear 	Cross	Traffic		
 Alert 7 and Lane Departure alert 7
Now to 
make  
it yours.
T o give your own personal 
touch to your Aurion, we’ve 
selected a palette of eight 
dynamic colours for you to 
choose from.
A. Indigo 10 8W6
B. Diamond White 061
C. Crystal Pearl 10 070
D. Silver Pearl 10 1F7
E. Magnetic Bronze 10 4S2
F . Graphite 10 1G3
G.	 Wildfire10 3R3
H. Eclipse Black 10 218
B.A.
C. D.
F. G. H.
G.
E.
T o complement your sense of style, each Aurion model comes with its own 
range	of	premium	finishes	and	trims.	Whether 	you	prefer 	the	sports-inspired 	
Black and Raizen Leather Accented on Sportivo, or the Ivory or Black Leather 
Accented seats on the Presara model, you’ll love every inch of your Aurion.
The finishing touches. 
COLOUR GUIDE
Grade Interior Seat Trim Interior 
Finish
Diamond 
White
Crystal 
Pearl10
Silver  
Pearl10 Graphite10 Magnetic 
Bronze10 Wildfire10 Indigo10 Eclipse 
Black10
AT-X Black	Shadowflex	Fabric	
(FA20) Silver • • • • • •
Sportivo Black Sports Fabric (FC20) Sports Mesh • • • • • •
Sportivo  
(optional)
Black and Raizen Leather 
Accented (LB21) Sports Mesh • • • • • •
Presara
Ivory Leather Accented (LA00) 
or Black Leather Accented 
(LA20)
Dark 
woodgrain- 
look • • • • • •
Interior Seat Trim
A.	 Black 	Shadowflex	Fabric
B. Black Sports Fabric
C. Ivory Leather Accented
D. Black Leather Accented
E. Black and Raizen  
 Leather Accented
Interior Finish
F . Silver
G. Dark woodgrain-look  
H. Sports Mesh
B.A.
C. D.
F.
G. H.
E.
Ivory leather accented interior shown
AT-X model shown
A.  Bonnet Protector and  
Headlamp Covers  
(Sold separately)
B. Slimline Weathershields 
C. Door Handle Protection Film
D. Front Fabric Seat Covers  
 Not compatible with Leather  
 Accented seats  
E. Bootliner
A.
C. D.
B.
E.
Toyota  
Genuine  
Accessories
F. G.
I.
H.
J.
F .  Towbar, Towball and  
Trailer Wiring Harness11 
(Sold separately)
G.  Carpet Floor Mats   
Front and rear set   
(Front set shown)
H. Roof Racks
I. 17" Alloy Wheels12
J. Mudguards
MECHANICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Engine Engine code and description 2GR-FE 3.5 litre V6 petrol engine
Valve mechanism 24-valve Double Overhead Camshaft (DOHC),  
with Dual Variable Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i)
Max power (kW/rpm) 200kW @ 6200rpm
Max torque (Nm/rpm) 336Nm @ 4700rpm
Bore x Stroke 94.0 X 83.0mm
Compression ratio 10.8 : 1
Fuel Fuel – fuel type octane no. (minimum recommended) 91 RON unleaded petrol
Fuel economy – ADR81/02 combined cycle8 9.3L/100km
Emissions – combined CO28 215g/km
AURION MODEL AT-X SPORTIVO PRESARA 
Transmission Transmission 6-speed automatic transmission with sequential shift
Quick response sports paddle-shift with sports mode •
Steering, Brakes  
and Suspension Tilt and reach adjustable steering wheel • • •
Electric Power Steering (EPS) • • •
Brakes – front ventilated disc and rear solid disc • • •
Suspension – front – MacPherson strut type with stabiliser bar • • •
Suspension – rear – dual link type with stabiliser bar • • •
Sports suspension • Optional
Park brake – pedal type • • •
Wheels Design and style 10-spoke 16" alloy 5-spoke 18" sport alloy 15-spoke 17" alloy
T emporary spare wheel Alloy Alloy Alloy
Tyre size 215/60 R16 225/45 R18 215/55 R17
AURION MODEL AT-X SPORTIVO PRESARA
Dimensions13  
and Weights Overall length (mm) 4835 4855  4835
Overall width (mm) 1825 1825 1825
Overall height (mm) 1470 1470 1470
Wheelbase (mm) 2775 2775 2775
Kerb to kerb turning circle (mm) 11000 11000 11000
Vehicle kerb weight (kg)14 1505-1525 1525-1555 1530-1550
Gross vehicle weight rating (kg)15 2100 2100 2100
Gross trailer weight, braked/unbraked (kg) 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500
Capacities Fuel tank capacity (L) 70 70 70
Seating capacity 5 5 5
Exterior Dual exhaust • • •
Exterior door handles colour Body colour Body colour Chrome
Electrically adjustable exterior mirrors with side indicators • • •
Rear garnish and rocker molding colour Body colour Body colour Chrome
Exterior mirrors with automatic dipping in reverse •
Sports grille • •
Sports body kit including front spoiler and side/rear skirts •
Front fog lamps • •
LED headlamps •
Auto-on/off	headlamps • • •
Interior Smart Entry and Start system • • •
Dual-zone automatic climate control air conditioning • • •
Power windows – front and rear • • •
AURION MODEL AT-X SPORTIVO PRESARA
Interior
continued
Acoustic windshield • • •
Electric rear sunshade • •
Electro chromatic rear-view mirror •
Driver and passenger’s vanity mirror illumination • • •
Rain sensing wipers •
Cruise control • • •
Premium steering wheel • •
Front	scuff	plates • •
Sports pedals •
Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable with lumbar support • • •
Front passenger seat – electrically adjustable • •
Driver’s seat memory •
Sports designed front seats •
60/40 split fold rear seats • • •
Moonroof – glass tilt and slide •
Instruments  
and Controls
Multi Information Display (MID) including Trip A & B odometer (km), outside temperature (ºC), fuel range (km),  
fuel consumption (L/100km),8 average speed (km/h) • • •
Automatic high beam •
Optitron Combimeter • • •
Storage Lockable glove box • • •
Centre console with sliding lid and storage recess x 2 • • •
Sunglass holder – front overhead console • • •
Door pocket – driver and front passenger • • •
Seat back storage pocket – behind passenger seat • • •
Beverage holders – 2 x front, 2 x front door pocket, 2 x rear armrest, 4 x rear door pocket • • •
AURION MODEL AT-X SPORTIVO PRESARA
Entertainment 6.1" screen audio display, single CD player, AM/FM tuner • •
JBL premium audio with 7" screen display, Digital Radio (DAB+),2 Satellite Navigation3	and	SUNA™	Traffic	Channel4 Optional •
3.5mm AUX + USB input with iPod®9 connectivity • • •
Surround sound speakers 6 6 10
Steering wheel mounted audio controls • • •
T oyota Link5 • • •
Hands-free Bluetooth®6 with media streaming • • •
Safety Blind Spot Monitor7(BSM) •
Rear	Cross	Traffic	Alert7(RCTA) •
Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA) • • •
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) and Traction Control (TRC) • • •
Lane Departure Alert7	(LDA) •
Reversing camera7 with back guide monitor • • •
Front and rear parking sensors7 • • •
Child seat anchorage points x 3 • • •
Seven SRS airbags – dual front, front side and full length curtain airbags and driver’s knee airbag • • •
Seatbelt warning buzzer and lights for all occupants • • •
3-point seatbelt for all occupants (driver and front passenger with pre-tensioner and force limiter) • • •
Security Immobiliser • • •
Panic alarm on remote • • •
Remote central locking including boot release on remote • • •
Speed sensing auto door lock • • •
Options16 5-spoke 18" sport alloy wheels  •
Moonroof – glass tilt and slide •
Premium audio with Satellite Navigation3 and sports Leather Accented seats •
Premium audio with Satellite Navigation3, sports Leather Accented seats and moonroof •
We’ve got your back.
Every new T oyota is built to exceptional standards, which is 
backed by a three year/100,000km 19 warranty, giving you 
the	peace	of	mind	to	feel	confident	for 	years	to	come.	In	the 	
unlikely event that you need them, every T oyota Service 
Centre is committed to providing any warranty repairs you 
may need. They have the technology, the tools and the skilled 
personnel to keep your T oyota in excellent condition.
Capped price servicing.18
When you buy a new T oyota, you don’t have to worry about 
unexpected service costs. Every T oyota comes with a low, capped 
price service cost for a set number of years/kilometres. Pay the 
same low capped price from one eligible logbook service to the 
next	for	up	to	four	years	or	75,000km,	 whichever	occurs	first	
(including	Genuine	parts,	labour	and	fluids).	Your	Aurion	will	be	
serviced by T oyota trained technicians who have full, specialised 
knowledge	of	your	particular	model.	For	the	full	benefits	consult	 
a T oyota Dealer or visit toyota.com.au/advantage
Extend your peace of mind.
Whether	it’s	changing	a	flat	tyre,	helping	 with	lost	keys	or 	
jump-starting	a	flat	battery,	 with	T oyota	Extra	Care	Roadside	
Assist help is never more than a phone call away. Available  
24 hours a day, seven days a week, every day of the year,  
it’s designed to give you complete peace of mind, whatever 
your emergency.22 With two levels of cover available, 
T oyota Extra Care Roadside Assist provides one of the 
most professional, reliable, and technologically advanced 
assistance networks in Australia.
Even more protection.
T ake out our Comprehensive Motor Vehicle insurance and you’ll 
get a policy packed with a great range of benefits including: 
–  Choice of agreed value  
or market value 
– Genuine Parts Promise 
– Quality Repair Guarantee 
–  New vehicle replacement  
cover for T oyota vehicles 
damaged beyond repair  
up to 3 years/100,000km21
And our T oyota Insurance Factory Approved Extended 
Warranty Insurance has been designed to provide you with 
protection for your vehicle that continues after your T oyota 
New Vehicle Warranty ends, giving you extra peace of mind.
Finance to get you going.
Sometimes you need just a little help to get up and running. 
T oyota Finance20	can	offer	you	a	wide	range	of	vehicle	financing.	
With T oyota Finance, you'll have the peace of mind knowing  
that you’re dealing with one of Australia’s leading vehicle 
finance	corporations	with	over	30	 years	experience	in	the	
Australian	market.	And	with	a	range	of	flexible	products	 
and services to suit almost every need and circumstance,  
T oyota	Finance	can	help	find	the	right	package	for	you	or	 
your business.
A smarter way to buy.
T oyota	Access	is	an	easy	and	flexible	way	to	put	you	in	
complete control when you’re buying a new car.17 Drive out 
of	the	Dealership	 with	complete	confidence	about	the	road 	
ahead and drive back in just a few years later with more 
options at your disposal than ever before. Whatever stage 
you’re at in life, T oyota Access puts you in the driver’s seat 
with	ongoing	flexibility 	and	assurance.	T o	discover	T oyota	
Access for yourself visit toyota.com.au/access
Every T oyota gives you a lifetime of advantages.  
That’s what makes it a T oyota. You’ll enjoy legendary 
T oyota value from the moment you drive away, and you’ll 
continue to appreciate the quality, safety and innovation 
that’s engineered into each model, every day you drive.
The Toyota Advantage.

Disclaimers 
and Notice.
IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ:  
T oyota Genuine Accessories are not applicable to all models/grades. Consider the 
mass of your load to ensure you will not exceed the maximum allowable individual 
axle capacity, Gross Vehicle Mass and/or Gross Combined Mass of the vehicle. Refer 
to the current Accessories brochure or visit toyota.com.au for details on warranty 
and toyota.com.au/vehiclepayload for details on vehicle payload, to help determine 
Accessories suitable for your vehicle. Accessory colours shown may vary from actual 
colour due to the printing process.  
1 Presara and Sportivo models only.
2 Digital radio station coverage dependent on vehicle location.
3 Current navigation mapping database encompasses major capital and primary 
national	road	networks	and	offers	some	coverage	in	regional	areas. 	
4	 SUNA™	GPS	Traffic	Updates	are	only 	available	in	metropolitan	Adelaide, 	
Brisbane, Canberra, Gold Coast, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney; it operates from 
information provided by Intelematics Australia and may not cover all road 
incidents	and	congestion.	See	sunatraffic.com.au	for 	details.
5 T oyota Link is available on certain vehicle models and grades only. T oyota Link 
services rely on data from the driver's compatible mobile phone and information 
provided by third parties. Availability is dependent on a number of factors, 
including	the	availability 	of	third	party 	information,	mobile	service,	sufficient 	
mobile data allowance and GPS satellite signal reception. Mobile usage is at 
the user's cost. T oyota Australia reserves the right to add, remove or modify 
applications. Further information is provided at www.toyota.com.au/toyotalink
6 The Bluetooth® word mark is owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. Not all devices will be 
compatible and functionality varies depending on the device. 
7 Reversing Camera/Park Assist/Blind Spot Monitor/Front and rear sensors/Lane 
Departure	Alert/Rear 	Cross	Traffic	Alert/Brake	Assist	is	a	driver 	assist	device	only 	
and should not be used as a substitute for safe driving practices. The area into 
which the vehicle is driven must be visually monitored by the driver.
8 Fuel consumption and emissions will vary depending on driving conditions/style, 
vehicle conditions and options/accessories. Source of fuel consumption data: 
ADR81/02 combined (L/100km) for auto models.
9 iPod® and iPhone® are trademarks of Apple, Inc. Not all devices will be 
compatible and functionality will vary depending on the device.
10 Paint featured is an optional extra available at additional cost. Not all colours 
available on all models, see colour guide for details of availability.
11 T owing capacity is subject to regulatory requirements, towbar and vehicle design 
and towing equipment limitations. Ask your Dealer for T oyota Genuine T owbar 
capacity and availability details. 
12 AT-X grade comes standard with 16" alloy wheels and will require new tyres (sold 
separately)	for	the	accessory 	to	be	fitted.
13	 Some	 vehicle	dimension	figures	are	approximate	and	 vary	due	to	options	and 	
accessory	fitment.
14 Kerb, tare and payload weights are nominal and vary depending on options  
 and accessories.
15 Gross Vehicle Mass (GVM) is the total permissible combined weight of the 
vehicle, including occupants, fuel and cargo.
16 Optional extra at additional cost.
17 Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) is the minimum value of your new T oyota at 
the	end	of	 your	finance	contract,	as	determined	by 	T oyota	Finance.	If	you	
decide to return your car to T oyota at the end of your term, T oyota Finance will 
pay	you	the	agreed	GFV	amount	 which	will	be	put	against	 your	final	payment,	
subject to fair wear and tear conditions and agreed kilometres being met. The 
information	provided	is	general	in	nature.	You	should	seek 	your	own	financial	
advice to determine whether T oyota Access is appropriate for your individual 
circumstances. T erms and conditions, fees and charges apply. T oyota Access 
Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) products are available to approved customers of 
T oyota Finance, a division of T oyota Finance Australia Limited ABN 48 002 435 
181, Australian Credit Licence 392536.
18 Maximum payable for standard scheduled logbook servicing (normal operating 
conditions)	until	first	of	four 	years	or	75,000km	(whichever 	occurs	first),	up	to 	
the	first	five	services.	Excludes	Government	&	Rental	 vehicles.	Contact	 your	
T oyota Dealer or go to toyota.com.au/advantage for other exclusions, eligibility 
and full details.
19	 New 	Vehicle	Warranty	expires	three	 years	from	date	of	first	delivery 	or	
100,000km,	 whichever	occurs	first.	Refer 	to	the	warranty	conditions.	The	New 	
Vehicle warranty does not limit and may not necessarily exceed your rights under 
the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 .
20 T oyota Finance is a division of T oyota Finance Australia Limited ABN 48 002 435 
181, Australian Credit Licence No 392536.
21 T erms and conditions apply. This advice does not take into account any of your 
particular	objectives,	financial	situation	or 	needs.	For	this	reason,	before	 you	
act on this advice, you should consider the appropriateness of the advice taking 
into	account	your	own	objectives,	financial	situation	and	needs.	Before	making	a 	
decision about any of the insurance products, please refer to the current Product 
Disclosure Statement (PDS) for the relevant product available from participating 
Dealers, via the T oyota Insurance website at toyotainsurance.com.au or by calling 
137 200. T oyota Insurance is a division of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. 
ABN 39 096 302 466 AFSL Number 254489 (Andia). The Insurer is Andia. Our 
insurance policies do not change or take away your rights under the Australian 
Consumer	Law.	Your	right	to	claim	under 	our	policies	for	the	benefits	covered 	
is in addition to other rights and remedies you have under the law in relation to 
your vehicle. However, you can choose to make a claim under any of our policies 
even if you have rights under the law.
22 T oyota Extra Care is administered by T oyota Finance, a division of T oyota Finance 
Australia Limited ABN 48 002 435 181, Australian Credit Licence 392536.
T oyota Australia has used its best endeavours to ensure material is accurate at the time 
of	printing.	All	information	must	be	confirmed	with	your	T oyota	Dealer	at	the	time	
of	ordering,	as	specifications	and	details	will	change	over	time.	Colours	displayed	
are a guide only and may vary from actual colours. T o the extent permitted by law, 
T oyota Australia will not be liable for any damage, loss or expense incurred as a result of 
reliance on the information and photos contained in this material. Material distributed in 
Western Australia by or on behalf Prestige Motors Pty Ltd (for vehicles) and by Eastpoint 
Pty Ltd (for parts/accessories). T oyota Australia makes no warranties regarding (and 
will not be liable for) accuracy of materials distributed in Western Australia. PART 
NUMBER: TYAURIONBRO. PROOF HQ: T2015-000713. PRINTED: MAY 2015. GTP1541
Sportivo model shown
