Aurion
Luxury in motion.
toyota.com.au
It’s apparent from the very first glance. The graceful 
posture, sleek lines and sophisticated styling make it 
clear that Aurion is truly a luxurious vehicle.
Step behind the wheel, and that sense of understated 
elegance is only enhanced – with the high quality 
finishes, the spaciousness, and the array of intuitive 
technology that make driving a simple and seamless 
pleasure. And under the bonnet, the powerful and 
efficient V6 engine responds with utmost precision. 
Aurion is in a class of its own, a vehicle for those  
who place a premium on sophistication, who value 
the truly refined, and wherever they go, choose to  
go in style.
Take a more  
luxurious drive.
Presara model shown
First impressions are powerful things and when you 
first lay eyes on the Aurion, it’s clear this is a car that 
will get you noticed in the best possible way. From 
every angle, the carefully crafted lines and sleek, 
confident profile speak not just to refined style, but 
intelligent aerodynamics. 
Look closer and you’ll notice touches of class from 
front to back – from the dynamic front grille, to 
the sports-inspired alloy wheels, Aurion makes a 
statement of style and refinement. And with aero 
stabilising fins mounted to the side view mirrors 
and the underbody, this is the most aerodynamic 
Aurion yet.
Throughout the Aurion range – from the elegance of 
the Presara, to the athletic prestige of the Sportivo 
models, you’ll find individual interpretations of 
luxury, and a sense of style that perfectly matches 
your own.
Engineered  
to be enjoyed.
Presara model shown
Presara model shown
Presara model shown
Ivory leather accented interior – Presara model shown
From the moment you step inside the Aurion you’re enveloped in luxury.  
It starts with the opulent interior, and extends right through to the array 
of clever technologies, such as the keyless Smart Entry and Start 
system,1 and the clever electric rear sunshade2 that provides shade and 
protects from the heat and sun. 
When it comes to sound, Aurion delivers, with the audio system 
highlighted by an impressive 6.1" audio display screen. Choose the 
Presara or Sportivo ZR6 and you’ll enjoy the JBL premium audio system 
with 7" screen display complete with Digital Radio (DAB+), 3 Satellite 
Navigation 4 and SUNA™ Traffic Channel. 5 
Need to make or receive a phone call or change your music? Aurion makes 
that a seamless experience too – with steering wheel mounted audio 
controls, and Bluetooth®6 connectivity for audio streaming and hands 
free mobile calls. And, thanks to voice control in Presara and ZR6 models, 
convenience is enhanced further. 
The height of technological 
sophistication.
Electric rear sunshade  
Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo ZR6 models only
Luxurious finishes  
Presara model shown
Satellite Navigation  
Presara model shown
Smart Start Button  
Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo models only
Quick response sports paddle-shift  
Sportivo models only
For the true pleasure  
of driving.
Every last detail of the Aurion has been designed for comfort, convenience 
and pleasure. From the dual-zone climate control air conditioning, 
ensuring you and your passengers are always the perfect temperature,  
to the acoustic insulation technology that blocks outside noise and keeps 
the cabin whisper quiet, Aurion is a genuine delight to drive. 
You’ll notice immediately the sense of space – with added legroom in 
the back seats created through clever sculpting of the door trims and 
seatbacks. Specially designed for comfort, the rear seats have been 
shaped for optimum sitting posture, and the driver’s seat is equipped with 
advanced lumbar support for extra comfort, even on those long drives. 
It takes just one glance at the Multi Information Display (MID) to know 
all the key details of your trip – such as your average fuel economy.  
And with rain sensing wipers2 and the Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS) 
(on the Presara and the Sportivo ZR6 models), which changes your 
headlamp beam direction in response to steering, the Aurion is a 
pleasure to drive even in adverse conditions. 
Optitron Combimeter with Multi Information Display (MID)  
Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS)
Sportivo ZR6 in Silver Pearl

Beneath the sleek lines of Aurion’s bonnet you’ll find an advanced  
3.5 litre dual VVT-i V6 engine capable of an impressive 200kW.  
Highly responsive, and smoothly delivered, it’s a sense of power and 
poise that brings enjoyment to even the most mundane journeys.  
And it’s all achieved with a combined fuel efficiency of just 9.3L/100km. 7
But the performance doesn’t stop under the bonnet. The suspension has 
been specifically tuned for Australian road conditions – for enhanced 
handling and fuel efficiency. Shift gears with ease – with a smooth 
and efficient automatic six speed sequential shift transmission. Plus, 
in Sportivo models you’ll enjoy quick response sports paddle-shift 
technology, for faster gear changes and a more exciting, dynamic drive. 
Superior performance, 
delivered powerfully.
There’s nothing quite so important as the safety of everyone on board. 
Even on the shortest of trips, it’s reassuring to know that you’re buckling 
up in a vehicle awarded the maximum 5-Star ANCAP safety rating.
Aurion boasts a comprehensive range of active and passive safety 
features to help you steer clear of trouble. From ABS to Brake Assist (BA), 
Traction Control (TRC) to Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), 
Aurion’s intelligent braking system will ensure more control and more 
stopping power. And with the addition of Vehicle Stability Control (VSC), 
you can brake through corners with confidence. There’s also a reversing 
camera8 across the range – and, if you choose the Presara or ZR6 model,  
a Blind Spot Monitor (BSM)8 which will alert you to vehicles hiding in your 
blind spot. 
With the extra safety of seatbelt warning indicators across the range, 
along with front clearance and rear parking sensors 8 on Prodigy, 
Presara and Sportivo ZR6 models, you can enjoy peace of mind behind 
the wheel. And should a collision ever occur, you and your passengers 
will be protected from every direction with seven SRS airbags that 
includes driver’s knee protection. 
There’s no playing it safe  
on safety.
Seven SRS airbags  –  Image for illustration purposes
Traction Control (TRC) and Vehicle Stability Control (VSC)
Big on comfort and style, Aurion AT-X delivers 
all new levels of excellence, with:  
• 3.5 litre V6 petrol engine
• 200kW power output
• 6-speed sequential shift transmission
• 16" alloy wheels
• Dual exhaust
• Electric Power Steering (EPS)
• Exterior mirrors with side indicators
• Auto-on/off headlamps
• Dual-zone climate control air conditioning
• Acoustic windshield
•  Driver and passenger’s vanity  
mirror illumination 
• Cruise control
•  Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable with 
lumbar support
•  Multi Information Display (MID) with 
‘ECO’ indicator
• Optitron Combimeter 
• AUX + USB input with iPod® 9 connectivity
•  6.1" screen audio display, single CD player, 
AM/FM tuner
•  Steering wheel mounted controls  
with Bluetooth ®6
•  Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with 
Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD)  
and Brake Assist (BA)
•  Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) and 
Traction Control (TRC)
• Reversing camera
AT-X
Every style 
of luxury.
From the effortless excellence of the 
AT-X, to the uncompromising class 
of the Presara, to the ultimate sports 
luxury of the Sportivo ZR6, there’s an 
Aurion for every taste, and every style.
 
 
Offering true luxury and refinement, Prodigy  
is a car for drivers who like to make an impact.  
It includes all the sophisticated features of 
Aurion AT-X, as well as:
• 17" alloy wheels
•  Exterior mirrors with automatic  
dipping in reverse
• Front fog lamps
• Rain sensing wipers
• Chrome door handles
• Smart Entry and Start system
• Electric rear sunshade
• Premium steering wheel
• Aurion front scuff plates
•  Front passenger seat – electrically adjustable
• Driver’s seat memory
•  Leather accented interior and premium door trim
• Front clearance and rear parking sensors
Prodigy

 
The ultimate in sophistication and 
uncompromised style, Presara includes all of 
the features of Aurion Prodigy, as well as:
• Moonroof – glass tilt and slide
• Automatic high beam
•  High Intensity Discharge (HID)  
headlamps and Adaptive  
Front-lighting System (AFS)
• Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) 
• Reversing camera with back guide monitor
•  JBL premium audio with 7" screen display, 
Digital Radio (DAB+), 3 Satellite Navigation4 
and SUNA™ Traffic Channel5
Presara

 
 
With a premium, sporty and refined style, 
Sportivo SX6 boasts all of the features of 
Aurion AT-X, as well as:
• Quick response sports paddle-shift
• Sports suspension
• 17" sport alloy wheels
• Front fog lamps
• Sports grille and front and rear bumper
• Sports pedals  
•  Sports body kit including front spoiler and 
side/rear skirts (excluding mudflaps)
• Sports designed front seats
• Aurion scuff plates
• Premium 3-spoke steering wheel
Sportivo SX6

 
The ultimate in sports luxury, Sportivo ZR6 
includes all of the features of Aurion Sportivo 
SX6, as well as: 
 
•  Rain sensing wipers
•  High Intensity Discharge (HID)  headlamps 
with Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS)
• Automatic high beam
•  Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable  
with memory 
•  Unique leather accented interior and 
premium door trims
•  JBL premium audio with 7" touch screen display, 
Digital Radio (DAB+),3 Satellite Navigation 4 
and SUNA™ Traffic Channel5
•  Blind Spot Monitor (BSM)
• Reversing camera with back guide monitor
•  Front clearance and rear parking sensors 
•  Electric rear sunshade
Sportivo ZR6

Now to make  
it yours.
T o give your own personal touch to your 
Aurion, we’ve selected a palette of nine 
dynamic colours for you to choose from.
Wildfire10 3R3
Silver Pearl 10 1F7
Arctic Frost 10 8S4  
– Available on AT-X model only
Diamond White 061
Magnetic Bronze 10 4S2
Reflex Blue10 8L5 
– Available on Sportivo SX6 and ZR6 only
Crystal Pearl 10 070
Graphite10 1G3
Eclipse Black 10 218
T o complement your sense of style, each Aurion model comes with its own 
range of premium finishes and trims. Whether you prefer the sports-inspired 
black fabric of Sportivo SX6, or the ivory or black leather accented seats in 
Prodigy and Presara models, you’ll love every inch of your Aurion.
The finishing touches.
COLOUR GUIDE
Grade Interior Seat Trim Interior 
Finish
Diamond 
White
Crystal 
Pearl10
Silver  
Pearl10 Graphite10 Wildfire10 Magnetic 
Bronze10
Arctic 
Frost10
Reflex 
Blue10
Eclipse 
Black10
AT-X Black Shadowflex (FA20) Silver • • • • • • •
Prodigy Ivory leather accented (LA00) or
Black leather accented (LA20) Silver • • • • • • •
Presara Ivory leather accented (LA00) or
Black leather accented (LA20)
Woodgrain- 
look • • • • • • •
Sportivo  
SX6 Black Sports fabric (FC20) Silver and  
Sports Mesh • • • • • •
Sportivo  
ZR6 Raizen leather accented (LB21) Silver and  
Sports Mesh • • • • • •
Interior Seat Trim
A. Black Shadowflex fabric
B. Black Sports fabric
C. Ivory leather accented
D. Black leather accented
E. Raizen leather accented
Interior Finish
F . Silver
G. Woodgrain-look  
H. Sports Mesh
B.A.
C. D.
E. F.
G. H.
Ivory leather accented interior shown
Aurion AT-X in Graphite accessorised with 17" Alloy Wheels, 12 Front Park Assist,8 Headlamp Covers, 
Bonnet Protector and Slimline Weathershields. Accessories sold separately.
T oyota’s range of Genuine Accessories is developed to strict 
quality and performance standards and backed by our T oyota 
Warranty,11 to suit both your life and your style.
Your Aurion. Your style. 
Headlamp Covers and Bonnet Protector (Sold separately)
17" Alloy Wheels12 
Front Fabric Seat Covers  
Not compatible with leather accented seats  
Slimline Weathershields 
Bootliner
Towbar,13 Towball and Trailer Wiring Harness  
(Sold separately)
 Carpet Floor Mats   
Front and rear set (Front set shown only)
Front Park Assist8 
 Available for AT-X and Sportivo SX6 models only  
(Bonnet protector and headlamp covers shown sold separately)
Roof Racks
Mud Guards
MECHANICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Engine Engine code and description 2GR-FE 3.5 litre V6 petrol engine
Valve mechanism 24-valve Double Overhead Camshaft (DOHC),  
with Dual Variable Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i)
Max power (kW/rpm) 200kW @ 6200rpm
Max torque (Nm/rpm) 336Nm @ 4700rpm
Bore x Stroke 94.0 X 83.0mm
Compression ratio 10.8 : 1
Fuel Fuel – fuel type octane no. (minimum recommended) 91 RON unleaded petrol
Fuel economy – ADR81/02 combined cycle 7 9.3L/100km
Emissions – combined CO27 215g/km
AURION MODEL AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO 
ZR6
Transmission Transmission 6-speed automatic transmission with sequential shift
Quick response sports paddle-shift with sports mode • •
Steering, Brakes  
and Suspension Tilt and reach adjustable steering wheel • • • • •
Electric Power Steering (EPS) • • • • •
Brakes – front ventilated disc and rear solid disc • • • • •
Suspension – front – MacPherson strut type with stabiliser bar • • • • •
Suspension – rear – dual link type with stabiliser bar • • • • •
Sports suspension • •
Park brake – pedal type • • • • •
Wheels Design and style 10-spoke  
16" alloy
10-spoke  
17" alloy
10-spoke  
17" alloy
5-spoke  
17" sport alloy
5-spoke  
17" sport alloy
Full sized spare wheel Steel Alloy Alloy Alloy Alloy
Tyre size 215/60 R16 215/55 R17 215/55 R17 215/55 R17 215/55 R17
AURION MODEL AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO 
ZR6
Dimensions14 and 
Weights Overall length (mm) 4835 4835 4835 4855 4855
Overall width (mm) 1825 1825 1825 1825 1825
Overall height (mm) 1470 1470 1470 1470 1470
Wheelbase (mm) 2775 2775 2775 2775 2775
Kerb to kerb turning circle (mm) 11000 11000 11000 11000 11000
Vehicle kerb weight (kg)15 1525 1550 1550 1555 1555
Gross vehicle weight rating (kg)16 2100 2100 2100 2100 2100
Gross trailer weight, braked/unbraked (kg) 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500
Capacities Fuel tank capacity (L) 70 70 70 70 70
Seating capacity 5 5 5 5 5
Exterior Dual exhaust • • • • •
Exterior door handles colour Body colour Chrome Chrome Body colour Body colour
Electrically adjustable exterior mirrors with side indicators • • • • •
Rear garnish and rocker molding colour Chrome Chrome Chrome Body colour Body colour
Exterior mirrors with automatic dipping in reverse • • •
Sports grille and front and rear bumper • •
Sports body kit including front spoiler and side/rear skirts (excluding mudflaps) • •
High Intensity Discharge (HID) headlamps and Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS), auto level and washers • •
Front fog lamps • • • •
Auto-on/off headlamps • • • • •
Interior Smart Entry and Start system • • • •
Dual-zone automatic climate control air conditioning • • • • •
Power windows – front and rear • • • • •
AURION MODEL AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO 
ZR6
Interior
continued
Acoustic windshield • • • • •
Electric rear sunshade • • •
Electro chromatic rear-view mirror • • •
Driver and passenger’s vanity mirror illumination • • • • •
Rain sensing wipers • • •
Cruise control • • • • •
Premium steering wheel • • • •
‘Aurion’ front scuff plates • • • •
Sports pedals • •
Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable with lumbar support • • • • •
Front passenger seat – electrically adjustable • • • •
Driver’s seat memory • • •
Sports designed front seats • •
60:40 split fold rear seats • • • • •
Moonroof – glass tilt and slide •
Instruments and 
Controls
Multi Information Display (MID) including Trip A & B odometer (km), outside temperature (ºC), fuel range (km),  
fuel consumption (L/100km),7 average speed (km/h) • • • • •
Automatic high beam • •
Sports Combimeter • •
Optitron Combimeter • • • • •
Storage Lockable glove box • • • • •
Centre console with sliding lid and storage recess x 2 • • • • •
Sunglass holder – front overhead console • • • • •
Door pocket – driver and front passenger • • • • •
Seat back storage pocket – behind passenger seat • • • • •
Beverage holders – 2 x front, 2 x front door pocket, 2 x rear armrest, 4 x rear door pocket • • • • •
AURION MODEL AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO 
ZR6
Entertainment 6.1" screen audio display, single CD player, AM/FM tuner • • •
JBL premium audio with 7" screen display, Digital Radio (DAB+),3 Satellite Navigation4 and SUNA™ Traffic Channel5 • •
3.5mm AUX + USB input with iPod®9 connectivity • • • • •
Surround sound speakers 6 6 10 6 10
Steering wheel mounted audio controls • • • • •
Hands-free Bluetooth®6 with media streaming • • • • •
Safety Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) • •
Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA) • • • • •
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) & Traction Control (TRC) • • • • •
Reversing camera • • •
Reversing camera with back guide monitor • •
Front clearance and rear parking sensors • • •
Child seat anchorage points x 3 • • • • •
Seven SRS airbags – dual front, front side and full length curtain airbags and driver’s knee airbag • • • • •
Seat belt warning buzzer and lights for all occupants • • • • •
3-point seatbelt for all occupants (driver and front passenger with pre-tensioner and force limiter) • • • • •
Security Immobiliser • • • • •
Panic alarm on remote • • • • •
Remote central locking including boot release on remote • • • • •
Speed sensing auto door lock • • • • •
Options17 5-spoke 17" sport alloy wheels •   
Moonroof – glass tilt and slide •  • •
Leather accented interior •    
Leather accented interior and 17" sport alloy wheels •
We’ve got your back.
Every new T oyota is built to exceptional standards, backed 
by a three year/100,000km 20 warranty, giving you the peace 
of mind to feel confident for years to come. In the unlikely 
event that you need them, every T oyota Service Centre is 
committed to providing any warranty repairs you may need. 
They have the technology, the tools, and the skilled  
personnel to keep your T oyota in excellent condition.
Capped price servicing.19
A new T oyota means you don’t have to worry about unexpected 
service costs. Every T oyota comes with a low, capped price 
service cost for a set number of years/kilometres. Pay the 
same low capped price from one eligible logbook service to the 
next for up to three years or 60,000km, whichever occurs first 
(including Genuine parts, labour and fluids). For the full benefits 
consult a T oyota Dealer or visit toyota.com.au/advantage
Extend your peace of mind.
Whether it’s a flat tyre, lost keys or a flat battery, T oyota Extra 
Care Roadside Assist is never more than a phone call away. 
Available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, every day of the 
year, you’ll have peace of mind, whatever your emergency. 23 
With two levels of cover available, T oyota Extra Care Roadside 
Assist provides one of the most professional, reliable, and 
technologically advanced assistance networks in Australia.
Even more protection.
Our Comprehensive Motor Vehicle insurance policy is packed with 
great benefits including; choice of agreed value or market value, 
New vehicle replacement cover for T oyota vehicles damaged 
beyond repair up to 3 years/100,000km,22 Genuine Parts Promise 
and Quality Repair Guarantee. And our T oyota Insurance Factory 
Approved Extended Warranty Insurance provides protection  
that continues after your T oyota New Vehicle Warranty ends. 
Finance to get you going.
If you need a little help, T oyota Finance21 can offer you a wide 
range of vehicle financing. With T oyota Finance, you’ll have 
the peace of mind of dealing with one of Australia’s leading 
vehicle finance corporations with over 30 years experience. 
And with a range of flexible products and services to suit 
almost every need and circumstance, T oyota Finance can  
help find the right package for you or your business.
A smarter way to buy.
T oyota Access puts you in complete control when buying  
a new car .18    Drive out of the Dealership with a clear road 
ahead then drive back a few years later with more options  
at your disposal than ever before. Whatever stage you’re  
at in life, T oyota Access puts you in the driver’s seat with 
ongoing flexibility and assurance. T o discover T oyota  
Access for yourself visit toyota.com.au/access
Every T oyota gives you a lifetime of advantages.  
That’s what makes it a T oyota. You’ll enjoy legendary 
T oyota value from the moment you drive away, and you’ll 
continue to appreciate the quality, safety and innovation 
that’s engineered into each model, every day you drive.
The Toyota Advantage.

Disclaimers 
and Notice.
IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ:  
T oyota Genuine Accessories are not applicable to all models/grades. Consider 
the mass of your load to ensure you will not exceed the maximum allowable 
individual axle capacity, Gross Vehicle Mass and/or Gross Combined Mass of 
the vehicle. Refer to the current Accessories brochure or visit toyota.com.au 
for details on warranty and toyota.com.au/vehiclepayload for details on vehicle 
payload, to help determine Accessories suitable for your vehicle. Accessory 
colours shown may vary from actual colour due to the printing process.  
1 Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo models only.
2 Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo ZR6 models only.
3 Digital radio station coverage dependent on vehicle location.
4 Current navigation mapping database encompasses major capital and 
primary national road networks and offers some coverage in regional areas. 
5 SUNA™ GPS Traffic Updates are only available in metropolitan Adelaide, 
Brisbane, Canberra, Gold Coast, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney; it operates 
from information provided by Intelematics Australia and may not cover all 
road incidents and congestion. See sunatraffic.com.au for details.
6 The Bluetooth® word mark is owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. Not all devices will 
be compatible and functionality varies depending on the device.
7 Fuel consumption and emissions will vary depending on driving conditions/
style, vehicle conditions and options/accessories. Source of fuel consumption 
data: ADR81/02 combined (L/100km) for auto models.
8 Reversing Camera/Park Assist/Sonar Parking/Blind Spot Monitor is a driver 
assist device only and should not be used as a substitute for safe driving 
practices. The area into which the vehicle is driven must be visually monitored 
by the driver.
9 iPod® and iPhone® are trademarks of Apple, Inc. Not all devices will be 
compatible and functionality will vary depending on the device.
10 Paint featured is an optional extra available at additional cost. Not all colours 
available on all models, see colour guide for details of availability.
11 All Toyota Genuine Accessories purchased and fitted to a Toyota are 
warranted for the remainder of the New Vehicle Warranty or 12 months, 
whichever is greater. Toyota Genuine Accessories purchased from an 
authorised Toyota Dealer over the counter are warranted from the date of 
purchase for one year. Conditions apply.
12 AT-X grade comes standard with 16" alloy wheels and will require new tyres 
(sold separately) for the accessory to be fitted.
13 Towing capacity is subject to regulatory requirements, towbar and vehicle 
design and towing equipment limitations. Ask your Dealer for Toyota Genuine 
Towbar capacity and availability details.
14 Some vehicle dimension figures are approximate and vary due to options and 
accessory fitment.
15 Kerb, tare and payload weights are nominal and vary depending on options 
and accessories.
16 Gross Vehicle Mass (GVM) is the total permissible combined weight of the 
vehicle, including occupants, fuel and cargo.
17 Optional extra at additional cost.
18 Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) is the minimum value of your new Toyota 
at the end of your finance contract, as determined by Toyota Finance. If you 
decide to return your car to Toyota at the end of your term, Toyota Finance will 
pay you the agreed GFV amount which will be put against your final payment, 
subject to fair wear and tear conditions and agreed kilometres being met. The 
information provided is general in nature. You should seek your own financial 
advice to determine whether Toyota Access is appropriate for your individual 
circumstances. Terms and conditions, fees and charges apply. Toyota Access 
Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) products are available to approved customers 
of Toyota Finance, a division of Toyota Finance Australia Limited ABN 48 002 
435 181, Australian Credit Licence 392536.
19 Maximum payable for standard scheduled logbook servicing (normal 
operating conditions) until first of four years or 75,000km (whichever occurs 
first), up to the first five services. Excludes Government & Rental vehicles. 
Contact your Toyota Dealer or go to toyota.com.au/advantage for other 
exclusions, eligibility and full details.
20 New Vehicle Warranty expires three years from date of first delivery or 
100,000km, whichever occurs first. Refer to the warranty conditions. The 
New Vehicle warranty does not limit and may not necessarily exceed your 
rights under the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 .
21 Toyota Finance is a division of Toyota Finance Australia Limited ABN 48 002 
435 181, Australian Credit Licence No 392536.
22 Terms and conditions apply. This advice does not take into account any of your 
particular objectives, financial situation or needs. For this reason, before you 
act on this advice, you should consider the appropriateness of the advice taking 
into account your own objectives, financial situation and needs. Before making a 
decision about any of the insurance products, please refer to the current Product 
Disclosure Statement (PDS) for the relevant product available from participating 
Dealers, via the Toyota Insurance website at toyotainsurance.com.au or by calling 
137 200. Toyota Insurance is a division of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. 
ABN 39 096 302 466 AFSL Number 254489 (Andia). The Insurer is Andia. Our 
insurance policies do not change or take away your rights under the Australian 
Consumer Law. Your right to claim under our policies for the benefits covered is in 
addition to other rights and remedies you have under the law in relation to your 
vehicle. However, you can choose to make a claim under any of our policies even if 
you have rights under the law.
23 Toyota Extra Care is administered by Toyota Finance, a division of Toyota Finance.
T oyota Australia has used its best endeavours to ensure material is accurate at the time 
of printing. All information must be confirmed with your T oyota Dealer at the time of 
ordering, as specifications and details will change over time. Colours displayed are a 
guide only and may vary from actual colours. T o the extent permitted by law, T oyota 
Australia will not be liable for any damage, loss or expense incurred as a result of reliance on 
the information and photos contained in this material. Material distributed in Western 
Australia by or on behalf Prestige Motors Pty Ltd (for vehicles) and by Eastpoint Pty Ltd 
(for parts/accessories). T oyota Australia makes no warranties regarding (and will not 
be liable for) accuracy of materials distributed in Western Australia. P ART NUMBER: 
TYAURIONBRO. VALID: X5618-1. PRINTED: MAY 2014. GTP1499.
