Aurion
Luxury in motion.
toyota.com.au
It’s apparent from the very fi  rst glance. The graceful posture, 
sleek lines and sophisticated styling make it clear that Aurion 
is truly a luxurious vehicle.
Step behind the wheel, and that sense of understated elegance is 
only enhanced – with the high quality fi  nishes, the spaciousness, 
and the array of intuitive technology that make driving a simple 
and seamless pleasure. And under the bonnet, the powerful and 
effi   cient V6 engine responds with utmost precision. 
Aurion is in a class of its own – a vehicle for those who place 
a premium on sophistication, who value the truly refi  ned, 
and wherever they go, choose to go in style.
Take a more luxurious drive.
Presara model shown
Presara model shown
First impressions are powerful things. And when you fi  rst lay 
eyes on the Aurion, it’s clear this is a car that will get you noticed. 
In the best possible way. From every angle, the carefully crafted 
lines and sleek, confi  dent profi  le speak not just to refi  ned style, 
but intelligent aerodynamics. 
Look closer and you’ll notice touches of class from front to back – 
from the dynamic front grille, to the sports-inspired alloy wheels, 
Aurion makes a statement of style and refi  nement. And with 
aero stabilising fi  ns mounted to the side view mirrors and the 
underbody, this is the most aerodynamic Aurion yet.
Throughout the Aurion range – from the elegance of the Presara, 
to the athletic prestige of the Sportivo models, you’ll fi  nd 
individual interpretations of luxury, and a sense of style that 
perfectly matches your own.
Engineered to be enjoyed.
Presara model shown

A.
From the moment you step inside the Aurion you’re enveloped in luxury.  
It starts with the opulent interior, and extends right through to the array 
of clever technologies, such as keyless Smart Entry and Smart Start, 1 
and the clever electric rear sunshade2 that provides shade and protects 
from the heat and sun. 
When it comes to sound, Aurion delivers, with the audio system 
highlighted by an impressive 6.1" audio display screen. Choose the 
Presara or Sportivo ZR6 and you’ll enjoy the JBL premium audio system 
with 7" screen display complete with Digital Radio (DAB+), 3 Satellite 
Navigation4  and SUNA ™ 5 Traffic Avoidance System. 
Need to make or receive a phone call or change your music? Aurion makes 
that a seamless experience too – with steering wheel mounted audio 
controls, and Bluetooth®6 connectivity for audio streaming and hands 
free mobile calls. And, thanks to voice control in Presara and ZR6 models, 
convenience is enhanced further. 
The height of technological 
sophistication.
A. Spacious Ivory leather accented interior – Presara model shown
B. Electric rear sunshade – Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo ZR6 models only
C. Quick response sports paddle-shift – Sportivo models only
D.	 Luxurious	finishes	– Presara model shown
E. Satellite Navigation – Presara model shown
F . Smart Start – Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo models only
B.
D.
E. F.
C.
For the true pleasure  
of driving.
A. Multi-Information Display with ‘ECO’ indicator
B. Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS)
C. Sportivo ZR6 in Silver Pearl
Every last detail of the Aurion has been designed for comfort, convenience 
and pleasure. From the dual-zone climate control air conditioning, 
ensuring you and your passengers are always the perfect temperature,  
to the acoustic insulation technology that blocks outside noise and keeps 
the cabin whisper quiet, Aurion is a genuine delight to drive. 
You’ll notice immediately the sense of space – with added legroom in 
the back seats created through clever sculpting of the door trims and 
seatbacks. Specially designed for comfort, the rear seats have been 
shaped for optimum sitting posture, and the driver’s seat is equipped with 
advanced lumbar support for extra comfort, even on those long drives. 
It takes just one glance at the Multi-Information Display (MID) to know 
all the key details of your trip – such as your average fuel economy. 
And with rain sensing wipers2  and adaptive front lighting technology 
(on the Presara and the Sportivo ZR6 models), which changes your 
headlamp beam direction in response to steering, the Aurion is a 
pleasure to drive even in adverse conditions. 
A.
B.
C.

Beneath the sleek lines of Aurion’s bonnet you’ll find an advanced  
3.5 litre dual VVT-i V6 engine capable of an impressive 200kW.  
Highly responsive, and smoothly delivered, it’s a sense of power and 
poise that brings enjoyment to even the most mundane journeys.  
And it’s all achieved with a combined fuel efficiency of just 9.3L/100km. 7
But the performance doesn’t stop under the bonnet. The suspension has 
been specifically tuned for Australian road conditions – for enhanced 
handling and fuel efficiency. Shift gears with ease – with a smooth and 
efficient automatic six speed sequential shift transmission. Plus, in 
Sportivo models you’ll enjoy quick-response paddle-shift technology,  
for faster gear changes and a more exciting, dynamic drive. 
Superior performance, 
delivered powerfully.
There’s nothing quite so important as the safety of everyone on board. 
Even on the shortest of trips, it’s reassuring to know that you’re buckling 
up in a vehicle awarded the maximum 5-Star ANCAP safety rating.
Aurion boasts a comprehensive range of active and passive safety 
features to help you steer clear of trouble. From ABS to Brake Assist (BA), 
Traction Control (TRC) to Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), 
Aurion’s intelligent braking system will ensure more control and more 
stopping power. And with the addition of Vehicle Stability Control (VSC), 
you can brake through corners with confidence. There’s also a reversing 
camera8 across the range – and, if you choose the Presara or ZR6 model,  
a Blind Spot Monitor system (BSM)8 which will alert you to vehicles hiding 
in your blind spot. 
With the extra safety of seatbelt warning indicators across the range, 
along with front and rear parking sonars8  on Prodigy, Presara and ZR6 
models, you can enjoy peace of mind behind the wheel. And should a 
collision ever occur, you and your passengers will be protected from every 
direction with seven SRS airbags that includes driver’s knee protection. 
There’s no playing it safe  
on safety.
A.
A. Seven SRS airbags – Overseas model shown
B. Intelligent Anti-lock Braking System (ABS)
B.
Big on comfort and style, Aurion AT-X delivers 
all new levels of excellence, with: 
• 3.5 litre V6 petrol engine
• 200kW power output
• 6-speed sequential shift transmission
• 16" alloy wheels
• Dual exhaust
• Electric Power Steering (EPS)
• Exterior mirrors with side indicators
• Auto-on/off   headlamps
• Dual-zone climate control air conditioning
• Acoustic windshield
•  Driver and passenger’s vanity 
mirror illumination 
• Cruise control
•  Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable with 
lumbar support
•  Multi-Information Display with ‘ECO’ indicator
• LED optitron combimeter 
• AUX + USB input with iPod® 9 connectivity
•  6.1" screen audio display, single CD player, 
AM/FM tuner
•  Steering wheel mounted controls 
with Bluetooth ®6
•  Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with 
Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) 
and Brake Assist (BA)
•  Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) and Traction 
Control (TRC)
• Reversing camera
AT-X
Every style 
of luxury.
From the eff  ortless excellence of the 
AT-X, to the uncompromising class 
of the Presara, to the ultimate sports 
luxury of the Sportivo ZR6, there’s an 
Aurion for every taste, and every style.
Off  ering true luxury and refi  nement, Prodigy 
is a car for drivers who like to make an impact. 
It includes all the sophisticated features of 
Aurion AT-X, as well as:
• 17" alloy wheels
•  Exterior mirrors with automatic 
dipping in reverse
• Front fog lamps
• Rain sensing wipers
• Chrome door handles
• Smart Entry and Smart Start
• Electric rear sunshade
• Premium steering wheel
• Aurion front scuff   plates
•  Front passenger seat – electrically adjustable
• Driver’s seat memory
• Leather accented interior and premium door trim
• Front and rear parking sonars
Prodigy

The ultimate in sophistication and 
uncompromised style, Presara includes all of 
the features of Aurion Prodigy, as well as:
• Moonroof – glass tilt and slide
• Automatic high beam
•  HID headlamps and Adaptive 
Front-lighting System
• Blind Spot Monitor
• Reversing camera with back guide monitor
•  JBL premium audio with 7 " screen display, 
Digital Radio (DAB+), 3 Satellite Navigation4 
and SUNA™ 5 live traffic updates
Presara

With a premium, sporty and refi  ned style, 
Sportivo SX6 boasts all of the features of 
Aurion AT-X, as well as:
• Quick response sports paddle-shift
• Sports suspension
• 17" sport alloy wheels
• Front fog lamps
• Sports grille and front and rear bumper
• Sports pedals
•  Sports body kit including front spoiler and 
side/rear skirts (excluding mudfl  aps)
• Sports designed front seats
• Aurion scuff   plates
• Premium 3-spoke steering wheel
Sportivo SX6

The ultimate in sports luxury, Sportivo ZR6 
includes all of the features of Aurion Sportivo 
SX6, as well as:
•  Rain sensing wipers
•  HID headlamps with Adaptive 
Front-lighting System
• Automatic high beam
•  Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable 
with memory 
•  Unique leather accented interior and 
premium door trims
•  JBL premium audio with 7" touch screen display, 
Digital Radio (DAB+),3 Satellite Navigation4 
and SUNA™ 5 live traffi   c updates
•  Blind Spot Monitor
• Reversing camera with back guide monitor
• Front and rear parking sonars
•  Electric rear sunshade
Sportivo ZR6

Now to make 
it yours.
T o give your own personal touch to your 
Aurion, we’ve selected a palette of nine 
dynamic colours for you to choose from.
A.	 Wildfi 	 re	3R3
B. Glacier White 040
C. Crystal Pearl 070
D. Silver Pearl 1F7
E. Magnetic Bronze 4S2
F . Graphite 1G3
G. Arctic Frost 8S4
H.	 Refl 	 ex	Blue	8L5
I. Eclipse Black 218
B.
A.
C.
D.
G.
E.
H.
F.
I.
T o complement your sense of style, each Aurion model comes with its own 
range of premium finishes and trims. Whether you prefer the sports-inspired 
black fabric of Sportivo SX6, or the ivory or black leather accented seat trim in 
Prodigy and Presara models, you’ll love every inch of your Aurion.
The finishing touches.
COl OuR GuIDE
Grade Interior Seat Trim Interior 
Finish
Diamond 
White
Crystal 
Pearl
Silver  
Pearl Graphite Wildfire Magnetic 
Bronze
Arctic 
Frost
Reflex 
Blue
Eclipse 
Black
AT-X Black Shadowflex (FA20) Silver • • • • • • •
Prodigy Ivory leather accented (LA00) or
Black leather accented (LA20) Silver • • • • • • •
Presara Ivory leather accented (LA00) or
Black leather accented (LA20)
Woodgrain- 
look • • • • • • •
Sportivo  
SX6 Black Sports fabric (FC20) Silver and  
Sports Mesh • • • • • •
Sportivo  
ZR6 Raizen leather accented (LB21)
Silver and  
Sports Mesh • • • • • •
Interior Seat Trim
A.	 Black 	Shadowflex	fabric
B. Black Sports fabric
C. Ivory leather accented
D. Black leather accented
E. Raizen leather accented
Interior Finish
F . Silver
G. Woodgrain-look  
H. Sports Mesh
B.A.
C. D.
E. F.
G. H.
Ivory leather accented interior shown
Your Aurion. Your style. 
T oyota’s range of Genuine Accessories is developed to strict quality and 
performance standards and backed by our T oyota Warranty, 10 to suit both 
your life, and your style.
Aurion AT-X in Graphite accessorised with 17" Alloy Wheels, 11 Front Park Assist,8 Headlamp Covers, 
Bonnet Protector and Slimline Weathershields. Accessories sold separately.
A. Headlamp Covers and  
 Bonnet Protector  
 (Sold separately)
B. Slimline Weathershields 
C. 17" Alloy Wheels11 
D. Front Fabric Seat Covers  
 Not compatible with leather  
 accented seats  
E. Bootliner
F .  Towbar,12 Towball and  
Trailer Wiring Harness  
(Sold separately)
G.  Carpet Floor Mats   
Front and rear set  
(Front set shown only)
H. Roof Racks
I. Front Park Assist8 
  Available for AT-X and  
Sportivo SX6 models only
J. Mud Guards
A.
C. D.
B.
E.
F. G.
I.
H.
J.
MECHANICAl SPECIFICATIONS
Engine Engine code and description 2GR-FE 3.5 litre V6 petrol engine
Valve mechanism 24-valve Double Overhead Camshaft (DOHC),  
with Dual Variable Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i)
Max power (kW/rpm) 200kW @ 6200rpm
Max torque (Nm/rpm) 336Nm @ 4700rpm
Bore x Stroke 94.0 X 83.0mm
Compression ratio 10.8 : 1
Fuel Fuel – fuel type octane no. (minimum recommended) 91 RON unleaded petrol
Fuel economy – ADR81/02 combined cycle7 9.3L/100km
Emissions – combined CO27 215g/km
AuRION MODEl AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO ZR6
Transmission Transmission 6-speed automatic transmission with sequential shift
Quick response sports paddle-shift with sports mode • •
Steering, Brakes  
and Suspension Tilt and reach adjustable steering wheel • • • • •
Electric Power Steering (EPS) • • • • •
Brakes – front ventilated disc and rear solid disc • • • • •
Suspension – front – MacPherson strut type with stabiliser bar • • • • •
Suspension – rear – dual link type with stabiliser bar • • • • •
Sports suspension • •
Park brake – pedal type • • • • •
Wheels Design and style 10-spoke  
16" alloy
10-spoke  
17" alloy
10-spoke  
17" alloy
5-spoke  
17" sport alloy
5-spoke  
17" sport alloy
Full sized spare wheel Steel Alloy Alloy Alloy Alloy
Tyre size 215/60 R16 215/55 R17 215/55 R17 215/55 R17 215/55 R17
AuRION MODEl AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO ZR6
Dimensions and 
Weights Overall length (mm) 4835 4835 4835 4855 4855
Overall width (mm) 1825 1825 1825 1825 1825
Overall height (mm) 1470 1470 1470 1470 1470
Wheelbase (mm) 2775 2775 2775 2775 2775
Kerb to kerb turning circle (mm) 11000 11000 11000 11000 11000
Vehicle kerb weight (kg)13 1525 1550 1550 1555 1555
Gross vehicle weight rating (kg)14 2100 2100 2100 2100 2100
Gross trailer weight, braked/unbraked (kg) 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500 1600/500
Capacities Fuel tank capacity (L) 70 70 70 70 70
Seating capacity 5 5 5 5 5
Exterior Dual exhaust • • • • •
Exterior door handles colour Body colour Chrome Chrome Body colour Body colour
Electrically adjustable exterior mirrors with side indicators • • • • •
Rear garnish and rocker molding colour Chrome Chrome Chrome Body colour Body colour
Exterior mirrors with automatic dipping in reverse • • •
Sports grille and front and rear bumper • •
Sports body kit including front spoiler and side/rear skirts (excluding mudflaps) • •
High Intensity Discharge (HID) headlamps and Adaptive Front-lighting System (AFS), auto level and washers • •
Front fog lamps • • • •
Auto-on/off headlamps • • • • •
Interior Smart Entry, Smart Start • • • •
Dual-zone automatic climate control air conditioning • • • • •
Power windows – front and rear • • • • •
AuRION MODEl AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO ZR6
Interior
continued
Acoustic windshield • • • • •
Electric rear sunshade • • •
Electro chromatic rear-view mirror • • •
Driver and passenger’s vanity mirror illumination • • • • •
Rain sensing wipers • • •
Cruise control • • • • •
Premium steering wheel • • • •
‘Aurion’ front scuff plates • • • •
Sports pedals • •
Driver’s seat – electrically adjustable with lumbar support • • • • •
Front passenger seat – electrically adjustable • • •
Driver’s seat memory • • •
Sports designed front seats • •
60:40 split fold rear seats • • • • •
Moonroof – glass tilt and slide •
Instruments and 
Controls
Multi-Information Display including Trip A & B odometer (km), outside temperature (ºC), fuel range (km),  
fuel consumption (L/100km), 7 average speed (km/h) • • • • •
Automatic high beam • •
Sports combimeter • •
LED Optitron combimeter • • • • •
Storage Lockable glove box • • • • •
Centre console with sliding lid and storage recess x 2 • • • • •
Sunglass holder – front overhead console • • • • •
Door pocket – driver and front passenger • • • • •
Seat back storage pocket – behind front seat(s) • • • • •
10 x beverage holders – 2 x front, 2 x front door pocket, 2 x rear armrest, 4 x rear door pocket • • • • •
AuRION MODEl AT-X PRODIGY PRESARA SPORTIVO SX6 SPORTIVO ZR6
Entertainment 6.1" screen audio display, single CD player, AM/FM tuner • • •
JBL premium audio with 7" screen display, Digital Radio (DAB+),3 Satellite Navigation4 and SUNA™5 live traffic updates • •
3.5mm AUX + USB input with iPod®9 connectivity • • • • •
Surround sound speakers 6 6 10 6 10
Steering wheel mounted audio controls • • • • •
Hands-free Bluetooth®6 with media streaming • • • • •
Safety Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) • •
Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) with Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA) • • • • •
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC) & Traction Control (TRC) • • • • •
Reversing camera • • •
Reversing camera with back guide monitor • •
Front and rear parking sonars • • •
Child seat anchorage points x 3 • • • • •
Seven SRS airbags – dual front, front side and full length curtain airbags and driver’s knee airbag • • • • •
Seat belt warning buzzer and lights for all occupants • • • • •
3-point seatbelt for all occupants with driver and front passenger with pre-tensioner and force limiter seatbelts • • • • •
Automatic Locking Retractor (ALR) rear seatbelts for child seats • • • • •
Security Immobiliser • • • • •
Panic alarm on remote • • • • •
Remote central locking including boot release on remote • • • • •
Speed sensing auto door lock • • • • •
Options15
5-spoke 17" sport alloy wheels •   
Moonroof – glass tilt and slide •  • •
Leather accented interior •    
Leather accented interior and 17" sport alloy wheels •
Discover the full range of T oyota products and services 
and ﬁ  nd your nearest Dealer at toyota.com.au
Every T oyota gives you a lifetime 
of advantages. That’s what makes 
it a T oyota. You’ll enjoy legendary 
T oyota value from the moment you 
drive away, and you’ll continue to 
appreciate the quality, safety and 
innovation that’s engineered into 
each model, every day you drive.
The Toyota 
Advantage.
When you buy a new T oyota, 
you don’t have to worry about 
unexpected service costs. Every 
T oyota comes with a low, capped 
price service cost for a set number 
of years/kilometres. Pay the same 
low capped price from one eligible 
logbook service to the next for 
up to four years or 75,000km, 
whichever occurs fi  rst (including 
Genuine parts, labour and fl  uids). 
Your Aurion will be serviced by 
T oyota trained technicians who 
have full, specialised knowledge of 
your particular model. For the full 
benefi  ts consult a T oyota Dealer or 
visit toyota.com.au/advantage
T oyota Access is an easy and 
fl  exible way to put you in complete 
control when you're buying a new 
car.16 Drive out of the Dealership 
with complete confi  dence about 
the road ahead and drive back in 
just a few years later with more 
options at your disposal than 
ever before. Whatever stage 
you're at in life, T oyota Access 
puts you in the driver’s seat with 
ongoing fl  exibility and assurance. 
T o discover T oyota Access for 
yourself visit toyota.com.au/access
Capped price servicing.A smarter way to buy.
Every new T oyota is built to 
exceptional standards, which is 
backed by a three year/100,000km 18 
warranty, giving you the peace of 
mind to feel confi  dent for years to 
come. In the unlikely event that you 
need them, every T oyota Service 
Centre is committed to providing any 
warranty repairs you may need. They 
have the technology, the tools and 
the skilled personnel to keep your 
T oyota in excellent condition.
Sometimes you need just a little 
help to get up and running. 
T oyota Finance19 can off  er you a 
wide range of vehicle fi  nancing. 
With T oyota Finance, you'll have 
the peace of mind knowing 
that you’re dealing with one of 
Australia’s leading vehicle fi  nance 
corporations with over 30 years 
experience in the Australian 
market. And with a range of 
fl  exible products and services 
to suit almost every need and 
circumstance, T oyota Finance can 
help fi  nd the right package for you 
or your business.
T ake out our Comprehensive Motor 
Vehicle insurance and you’ ll get a 
policy packed with a great range of 
benefits including: 
–  Choice of agreed value 
or market value 
–  New vehicle replacement 
cover for T oyota vehicles 
damaged beyond repair up 
to 3 years/100,000km20
– Genuine Parts Promise 
– Quality Repair Guarantee 
And our T oyota Insurance Factory 
Approved Extended Warranty 
Insurance has been designed to 
provide you with protection for 
your vehicle that continues after 
your T oyota New Vehicle Warranty 
ends, giving you extra peace of mind.
Whether it’s changing a fl  at tyre, 
helping with lost keys or jump-
starting a fl  at battery, with T oyota 
Extra Care Roadside Assist help 
is never more than a phone call 
away. Available 24 hours a day, 
seven days a week, every day of 
the year, it’s designed to give you 
complete peace of mind, whatever 
your emergency .2 1 With two levels 
of cover available, T oyota Extra 
Care Roadside Assist provides one 
of the most professional, reliable, 
and technologically advanced 
assistance networks in Australia.
We’ve got your back. Finance to get you going. Even more protection. Extend your peace of mind.
IMPORTANT NOTICE – please read:  
T oyota Australia has used its best endeavours to ensure material is accurate at the time 
of printing. All information must be confirmed with your T oyota dealer at the time of 
ordering, as specifications and details will change over time. Colours displayed are a 
guide only and may vary from actual colours. T o the extent permitted by law, T oyota 
Australia will not be liable for any damage, loss or expense incurred as a result of reliance 
on the information and photos contained in this material. Material distributed in 
Western Australia by or on behalf Prestige Motors Pty Ltd (for vehicles) and by Eastpoint 
Pty Ltd (for parts/accessories). T oyota Australia makes no warranties regarding  
(and will not be liable for) accuracy of materials distributed in Western Australia.  
PART NUMBER: TYAURIONBRO0713. VALID: X4755-2. PRINTED: JUL Y 2013. GTP 1448.
Terms and  
conditions.
1 Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo models only.
2 Prodigy, Presara and Sportivo ZR6 models only.
3 Digital radio station coverage dependent on vehicle location.
4  Current navigation mapping database encompasses major capital and primary 
national road networks and offers some coverage in regional areas. 
5  SUNA™ GPS Traffic Updates are only available in metropolitan Adelaide, 
Brisbane, Canberra, Gold Coast, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney; it operates from 
information provided by Intelematics Australia and may not cover all road 
incidents and congestion. See sunatraffic.com.au for details.
6  The Bluetooth® word mark is owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. Not all devices will  
be compatible and functionality varies depending on the device. 
7  Fuel consumption and emissions will vary depending on driving conditions/ 
style, vehicle conditions and options/accessories. Source of fuel consumption 
data: ADR81/02 combined (L/100km) for auto models. 
8  Reversing Camera/Park Assist/Sonar Parking/Blind Spot Monitor is a driver 
assist device only and should not be used as a substitute for safe driving 
practices. The area into which the vehicle is driven must be visually monitored 
by the driver. 
9 iPod® is a trademark of Apple, Inc.
10  All T oyota Genuine Accessories purchased and fitted to a T oyota are warranted 
for the remainder of the New Vehicle Warranty or 12 months, whichever is 
greater. T oyota Genuine Accessories purchased from an authorised T oyota 
Dealer over the counter are warranted from the date of purchase for one year. 
Conditions apply.
11  AT-X grade comes standard with 16" alloy wheels and will require new tyres 
(sold separately) for the accessory to be fitted. 
12  T owing capacity is subject to regulatory requirements, towbar and vehicle 
design and towing equipment limitations. Ask your Dealer for T oyota Genuine 
T owbar capacity and availability details. 
13  Kerb, tare and payload weights are nominal and vary depending on options  
and accessories.
14  Gross Vehicle Mass (GVM) is the total permissible combined weight of the 
vehicle, including occupants, fuel and cargo.
15 Optional extra at additional cost.
16  Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) is the minimum value of your new T oyota at 
the end of your finance contract, as determined by T oyota Finance. If you 
decide to return your car to T oyota at the end of your term, T oyota Finance will 
pay you the agreed GFV amount which will be put against your final payment, 
subject to fair wear and tear conditions and agreed kilometres being met. The 
information provided is general in nature. You should seek your own financial 
advice to determine whether T oyota Access is appropriate for your individual 
circumstances. T erms and conditions, fees and charges apply. T oyota  
Access Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) products are available to approved 
customers of T oyota Finance, a division of T oyota Finance Australia Limited  
ABN 48 002 435 181, Australian Credit Licence 392536.
17  Maximum payable for standard scheduled logbook servicing (normal operating 
conditions) until first of four years or 75,000km (whichever occurs first), up to 
the first five services. Excludes Government & Rental vehicles. Contact your 
T oyota Dealer or go to toyota.com.au/advantage for other exclusions, eligibility 
and full details.
18   New Vehicle Warranty expires three years from date of first delivery or 
100,000km, whichever occurs first. Refer to the warranty conditions. The New 
Vehicle warranty does not limit and may not necessarily exceed your rights 
under the Competition and Consumer Act 2010.
19  T oyota Finance is a division of T oyota Finance Australia Limited  
ABN 48 002 435 181, Australian Credit Licence No 392536.
20   T erms and conditions apply. This advice does not take into account any of your 
particular objectives, financial situation or needs. For this reason, before you 
act on this advice, you should consider the appropriateness of the advice taking 
into account your own objectives, financial situation and needs. Before making a 
decision about any of the insurance products, please refer to the current Product 
Disclosure Statement (PDS) for the relevant product available from participating 
Dealers, via the T oyota Insurance website at toyotainsurance.com.au or by calling 
137 200. T oyota Insurance is a division of Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance Co., Ltd. 
ABN 39 096 302 466 AFSL Number 254489 (Andia). The Insurer is Andia. Our 
insurance policies do not change or take away your rights under the Australian 
Consumer Law. Your right to claim under our policies for the benefits covered is in 
addition to other rights and remedies you have under the law in relation to your 
vehicle. However, you can choose to make a claim under any of our policies even if 
you have rights under the law.
21   T oyota Extra Care is administered by T oyota Finance, a division of T oyota Finance 
Australia Limited ABN 48 002 435 181, Australian Credit Licence 392536.

l andCruiser 200
Prado
CoasterHiAce VanHiAce Commuter Busl andCruiser 70 Hilux
Aurion RAV4T aragoCamry Kluger F J Cruiser
Yaris Prius c Corolla Rukus Prius86 Prius v
