2023 bZ4X

### Go beyond zero.

Get ready for a new way to take on the day. Introducing the first-ever, all-electric Toyota bZ4X. Designed to be more than just a sleek SUV with modern innovations, bZ4X 60 is focused on enhancing the driving experience and elevating the connection to your world. It’s time to go “beyond Zero” and discover a better future just around the corner.

Limited shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof 1 and available split roof rear spoiler.

##### PERFORMANCE

### Plug and play.

Experience the smooth acceleration, instant torque delivery and quiet drive of bZ4X. Powered by its electric motor — one for front-wheel drive models and two for all-wheel-drive models — you’ll enjoy a confident drive that’s always ready for what the day has to offer.

#### e-TNGA platform

bZ4X will be the first Toyota vehicle to utilize the brand-new e-TNGA (Toyota New Global Architecture) platform. Made specifically for Toyota electric vehicles, this structure allows for more space that you can feel in the cabin and provides a solid foundation for outstanding driving performance, ride comfort and stability for the road ahead.

#### Powerful electric motor

bZ4X takes advantage of an electric powertrain by delivering almost instantaneous torque to a drive that comes naturally. Front-wheel-drive models use one electric motor to produce 201 hp with 196 lb.-ft. of torque, while all-wheel-drive models harness two electric motors to deliver 214 hp with 248 lb.-ft. of max torque to both axles combined.

#### All-Wheel Drive with X-MODE

Whether helping you navigate through a downpour or hug the curves of a winding road, bZ4X’s available AWD capability gives you confidence to stay the course. And with the push of a button, X-MODE maximizes bZ4X’s AWD potential. By adjusting drive force, braking and throttle input, you’ll enjoy its impressive performance in tougher conditions.

Limited AWD shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof 1 and available split roof rear spoiler.

Limited AWD shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof 1 and available split roof rear spoiler.

Limited AWD shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof 1 and available split roof rear spoiler.

##### BATTERY PERFORMANCE

### Powered to take on every day.

From daily commutes to trips around town, find yourself getting things done. Thanks to a meticulous production process and multiple monitoring systems, bZ4X’s batteries are designed to have a battery capacity retention of 90% after ten years of ownership. Add a reputation for build quality, and you can feel confident your bZ4X will be there for you, day in and day out.

#### All-day range

With bZ4X’s EPA-estimated driving range of up to 252 miles for front-wheel-drive models and up to 228 miles for all-wheel-drive models, 2 you can enjoy all the fun of electric driving, knowing it’s a Toyota.

## miles of EPA-estimated range252 2

Up to

Limited shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof 1 and available split roof rear spoiler. Below: Limited shown in Wind Chill Pearl. 1

##### CHARGING

### Easy as one, two, three.

Charging bZ4X is as easy as plugging in your smartphone. Included is a portable 120V AC charger (Level 1) that simply plugs into a standard household outlet to charge. For faster charging times, bZ4X is compatible with and can be plugged into a 240V AC charger (Level 2) or DC Fast Charging. 3

#### LEVEL 1 – 120-Volt AC Charging

A great pick for drivers with short commutes.

You can charge anywhere there is a common household 3-prong outlet.

#### LEVEL 2 – 240-Volt AC Charging

The best setup for faster charging at home.

Can be installed at home by a licensed electrician. ChargePoint® and Qmerit offer possible charger and installation options.

You can also find Level 2 chargers at public charging stations nationwide. 47

#### LEVEL 3 – DC Fast Charging 3

Under ideal conditions, it can be the quickest way to charge up on the go. 3

Currently only available at public charging stations. 47

Limited shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof. 1

##### EXTERIOR

### Sharp looks with purpose.

#### Striking design

Sleek character lines that flow from front to back, and an athletic stance, give bZ4X a look that’s unmistakable.

#### Aerodynamic performance

Lower front bumper vents and a fully covered underbody help air flow around the front and under the vehicle. The aerodynamic design is finished off with a streamlined rear that features a rear lip spoiler and an available split roof rear spoiler.

20-in. alloy wheels bZ4X’s available 20-in. machine-finished alloy wheels do more than accentuate its powerful SUV stance — they command your attention.

Limited shown in Wind Chill Pearl. 1 Below left: Limited shown in Heavy Metal with Black roof 1 and available split roof rear spoiler. Below right: 20-in. multi-spoke black/silver alloy wheels shown on Limited.

##### INTERIOR

### Centered around you.

#### Discover refined comfort inside bZ4X’s modern design. With its soft-touch materials and an instrument panel that puts all your system controls within reach, the future will always look optimistic.

#### Fixed panoramic moonroof

The future looks brighter in bZ4X. Just open its power sunshade that spans across the roof. And whether sitting in the front or rear seats, you can always gaze at the stars or let the sunshine in.

#### Inviting space

bZ4X’s interior exudes a feeling of warmth and comfort. Its open layout creates a cabin space that naturally provides impressive leg room for everyone and makes no compromise on convenience.

#### Premium interior

Gain a sense of luxury every time you enter bZ4X. From its standard leather-wrapped steering wheel to the personalized comfort of available heated and ventilated front seats, you’ll feel the dedication in every detail.

Limited AWD shown in Light Gray SofTex® 4 trim with available Limited Weather Package and JBL® 5 Premium Audio.

##### TECHNOLOGY

### Discover more ease in every drive.

Experience a drive that’s more effortless, with a connection that caters to your needs. Standard Qi wireless charging 6 and five USB ports 7 let you personalize your experience and power up a variety of devices to keep you going. That versatility and added convenience help simplify every movement, for a more captivating drive.

12.3-in. Toyota Audio Multimedia touchscreen display bZ4X’s standard 12.3-in. Toyota Audio Multimedia touchscreen display seamlessly rises from the center console, for a modern look. Here, you can control a variety of functions with an intuitive touch. Clearly see where you’re going with turn-by-turn directions, access multimedia functions, and connect your smartphone to enjoy your favorite apps, playlists and more.

#### Intelligent convenience

From rain-sensing wipers that automatically activate when the windshield gets too wet, to an auto-dimming rearview mirror that reduces glare, you’ll feel an ease with every drive. And to raise your comfort efficiently, bZ4X’s Eco function uses less overall energy by adjusting the air temp for front passengers while an available radiant foot-and-leg heater can quickly warm you up.

#### Top-mount Multi-Information Display

Information that meets the eye. bZ4X’s top-mount Multi-Information Display is placed right above the steering wheel to clearly give you vehicle details, outside temperature, driver assist systems and more — all to help keep your eyes on the road ahead.

12.3-in. touchscreen shown on Limited.

7-in. top-mount TFT LCD Multi-Information Display (MID) shown on Limited.

Limited AWD shown in Light Gray SofTex® 4 trim with available Limited Weather Package and JBL® 5 Premium Audio.

##### AUDIO MULTIMEDIA

### Amplify your drive.

Enhance every drive with an experience that’s all about you. Whether enjoying the sounds of your favorite soundtrack or interacting with an interface that you’re familiar with, you’ll always be surrounded by comfort.

#### Wireless Apple CarPlay®

Bring along a familiar face. With bZ4X’s wireless Apple CarPlay® 8 compatibility, you can use your compatible iPhone® 9 with the multimedia system to get directions, make calls, send and receive messages and listen to music, all while staying focused behind the wheel.

#### SiriusXM® Platinum Plan 3-month trial

With a SiriusXM® 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription, 12 you get 425+ channels, including 165+ channels in your vehicle, to listen to ad-free music, plus sports, news, comedy and more. Innovative features in the bZ4X make it even easier to search, discover and listen than ever before, through personalized channel recommendations curated just “For You.” Plus, the Live Sports category puts all your games and teams in one place for easy access.

#### JBL® Premium Audio System

Immerse yourself in quality sound with bZ4X’s available JBL® 5 Premium Audio system. A 9-speaker, 800-watt audio system, equipped with a subwoofer, it provides phenomenal sound that amplifies every drive.

#### Wireless Android Auto™

Stay connected on the road. By pairing your compatible Android™ 10 phone with the audio multimedia system, Android Auto™ 11 lets you get real-time traffic alerts, make and receive phone calls, listen to your favorite soundtrack and more.

Limited interior shown in Black SofTex® 4 trim with available Limited Weather Package and JBL® 5 Premium Audio.

##### C O N N E C T E D S E R V I C E S

### Technology that keeps up with you.

Take advantage of smarter and convenient technologies designed to simplify your everyday life. Trial periods available on select models for the listed Connected Services.* Subscription required upon expiration of each trial period.* 31

Services and/or their feature availability may vary by model grade. See toyota.com/connected-services. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.

#### Drive Connect

Enhanced features to get you where you need to be. 21 Destination Assist 22 Intelligent Assistant 21

Cloud Navigation

#### Wi-Fi Connect

Turn your Toyota into a hotspot with 4G connectivity. 18

AT&T Hotspot 
Integrated Streaming for Apple Music® 19 
and Amazon Music™ 20 

#### Safety Connect®

Round-the-clock help when the unexpected happens. 14

Emergency Assistance Button (SOS) Enhanced Roadside Assistance 15

Automatic Collision Notification Stolen Vehicle Locator 16

#### Service Connect

Being proactive to help keep your vehicle in peak condition. 17

Vehicle Health Report Vehicle Maintenance Alert Maintenance Reminder

#### Remote Connect

Manage your vehicle, including remote start and much more. 23

Digital Key 57 Capability 
Remote Vehicle Start 
Unlock/Lock 
Remote Notifications 
Remote Climate 
Remote Charging 
Guest Driver 
Smartwatch Compatibility 24 

Amazon Alexa 25 and Google Assistant™ 26 Capability *To view included trial details, please visit toyota.com/connected-services.

##### SAFETY & CONVENIENCE

### Ready when you are.

With intelligent tech that looks out for you and helps you make the most of your connection, bZ4X is ready to help keep your adventures going. Add comprehensive active and passive safety features, and drive on with confidence.

#### Blind Spot Monitor with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert

The Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) 27 is designed to warn you when a vehicle in the next lane enters bZ4X’s blind spot on either side of the vehicle. And when you’re in reverse, the Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA) 28 helps detect vehicles approaching from either side, warning you with side mirror indicators and a warning tone.

#### Onboard charging cable

Find a charge almost anywhere you go. All you need to do is plug bZ4X’s included Level 1 charging cable into any standard household outlet to charge. And when not in use, it simply stows away in the storage compartment.

Panoramic View Monitor bZ4X’s available Panoramic View Monitor 29 helps you check your surroundings for hazards. It uses four cameras, one on each side of the vehicle, to display a bird’s-eye view of the exterior on the touchscreen display. When you’re parked and using the Moving View setting, bZ4X creates an animated virtual view from above to give you a bigger picture of what’s around.

#### Toyota app connectivity

Take advantage of what your smartphone can do for you. With Toyota Connected Services, 31 the Toyota app 62 gives you the ability to manage and stay connected to your bZ4X when you’re away from it. Keep track of your vehicle’s charge, find the nearest public charging station and more — for added peace of mind while on the go.

#### Digital Key capability

Convenience at hand. With a Remote Connect 23 trial or subscription, you can access bZ4X Limited’s Digital Key 57 to detect your Bluetooth®-connected 32 compatible smartphone, enabling you to lock/unlock and start/stop your vehicle. You can even share your Digital Key with others through the Toyota app 62 to give them the same access to your bZ4X when you’re away.

#### Hands-free power liftgate

Powered to help you out. With the push of a button, the available hands-free power rear liftgate 30 can be opened and closed automatically. When your hands are full, bZ4X senses your Smart Key fob and opens automatically when you wave your foot under the center of the rear bumper.

For more information, visit toyota.com/safety-sense. Feature availability may vary by model grade. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.

#### Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection 34

#### Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control 35

#### Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist 36

#### Automatic High Beams 37

#### Lane Tracing Assist 38

#### Road Sign Assist 39

##### TOYOTA SAFETY SENSE™ 3.0 ( TSS 3.0)

### Peace of mind comes standard.

Toyota Safety Sense™ 3.0 (TSS 3.0)33 is the latest bundle of active safety features included at no additional cost. These innovative features were designed to help protect you and your passengers from harm.

##### b Z4X MODELS

#### XLE

Includes these key features

Mechanical/Performance

AC synchronous electric generator 
Total system power output: 201 hp (FWD); 214 hp (AWD) 
Total system max torque: 196 lb.-ft. (FWD); 
248 lb.-ft. (AWD) 
Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) 
Front-Wheel Drive (FWD) 
Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD) 
X-MODE with Snow/Dirt, Deep Snow/Mud 
and Grip Control modes (AWD only) 
Regenerative braking with Boost and Eco drive modes 
EPA-estimated range (mi.): 252 (FWD); 228 (AWD) 2 

Exterior Features

Bi-LED projector low- and high-beam headlights 
with LED accent lights 
LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) 
LED taillights and stop lights 
Unique color-keyed center bumper; thin lower 
grille with matte-gray insert 
Panoramic fixed-glass roof with power sunshade 
Black window trim 
Ducktail spoiler 
Rain-sensing variable intermittent windshield 
wipers with de-icer function 
18-in. multi-spoke black/silver alloy wheels 
with plastic covers 

Interior Features

Seating for five 
Dual zone automatic climate control system with 
dust and pollen filter, and rear-seat vents 
Covered Qi-compatible wireless smartphone 
charging 6 with charge indicator light 
Fabric/SofTex®-trimmed 4 seats 
– 6-way adjustable front seats 
– 60/40 split, reclining fold-flat rear seat 
Digital speedometer and charging status, 7-in. 
top-mount TFT LCD Multi-Information Display (MID) 
Four USB-C charge ports 7 
One USB-A media port 7 

Audio Multimedia

12.3-in. Toyota Audio Multimedia with six speakers 
Wireless Android Auto™ 11 & Apple CarPlay® 8 compatible 
SiriusXM® 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription 12 
Safety Connect® with up to 10-year trial; 14 4G network 
dependent 
Service Connect with up to 10-year trial; 17 4G network 
dependent 
Remote Connect with 3-year trial 23 
Drive Connect with 3-year trial 21 
Wi-Fi Connect with up to 3 GB within 1-month trial 18 

Safety Features Toyota Safety Sense™ 3.0 (TSS 3.0) 33 Star Safety System™ Eight airbags 40 Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) 27 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA) 28 Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB) 41 Safe Exit Assist (SEA) 13

Options/Packages

XLE Weather Package 
– Heated leather-trimmed steering wheel 
– Heated front seats 

#### Limited

Adds to or replaces features offered on XLE

Mechanical/Performance

AC synchronous electric generator 
Total system power output: 201 hp (FWD); 214 hp (AWD) 
Total system max torque: 196 lb.-ft. (FWD); 
248 lb.-ft. (AWD) 
Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) 
Front-Wheel Drive (FWD) 
Available All-Wheel Drive (AWD) 
X-MODE with Snow/Dirt, Deep Snow/Mud 
and Grip Control modes (AWD only) 
Regenerative braking with Boost and Eco drive modes 
EPA-estimated range (mi.): 242 (FWD); 222 (AWD) 2 

Exterior Features

Multi-LED headlights 
Unique color-keyed center bumper; thin lower 
grille with chrome insert 
Chrome window trim 
Height-adjustable, foot-activated power 
liftgate with jam protection 30 
20-in. multi-spoke black/silver alloy wheels 

Interior Features

SofTex®-trimmed 4 seats 
– 8-way power-adjustable driver’s seat with 
lumbar support 
– 6-way adjustable front passenger seat 
– Heated and ventilated front seating 
– 60/40 split, reclining fold-flat rear seat 
Heated leather-trimmed manual tilt/telescopic 
3-spoke steering wheel 

Audio Multimedia

12.3-in. Toyota Audio Multimedia with six speakers 
Wireless Android Auto™ 11 & Apple CarPlay® 8 compatible 
SiriusXM® 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription 12 
Safety Connect® with up to 10-year trial; 14 4G network 
dependent 
Service Connect with up to 10-year trial; 17 4G network 
dependent 
Remote Connect with 3-year trial 23 
Drive Connect with 3-year trial 21 
Wi-Fi Connect with up to 3 GB within 1-month trial 18 
Digital Key 57 capability 

Safety Features Toyota Safety Sense™ 3.0 (TSS 3.0) 33 Star Safety System™ Eight airbags 40 Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) 27 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA) 28 Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB) 41 Panoramic View Monitor 29 Safe Exit Assist (SEA) 13

Options/Packages

Limited Weather Package 
– Heated rear seats 
– Front radiant foot-and-leg warmer 
9-speaker JBL® 5 Premium Audio including 
subwoofer and amplifier 
Split roof rear spoiler 

##### b Z4X COLORS & TRIMS

Black

Heavy Metal 1

Wind Chill Pearl 1

Supersonic Red 1

Elemental Silver Metallic 1

Limited SofTex® 4 shown in Black

XLE Mixed Media (SofTex® 4 and fabric) in Black

##### Light Gray b Z4X WHEELS

18-in. multi-spoke black/silver alloy wheels with wheel covers

20-in. multi-spoke black/silver alloy wheels

Black roof 1 available on Limited

Supersonic Red, 1 Heavy Metal, 1 Elemental Silver Metallic, 1 Wind Chill Pearl 1

##### b Z4X ACCESSORIES

#### This is a great way to add extra personality to your bZ4X. Not every accessory is available in your area, so for a complete list of accessories, go to toyota.com/bz4x/accessories.

Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle 
boasting. We back it up with these Limited Warranty Coverages: 
Basic Warranty: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear 
and maintenance items). 
Powertrain Warranty: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, 
drive system, seatbelts and airbags). 
Restraint Warranty: 60 months/60,000 miles 
Corrosion Perforation Warranty: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation 
of sheet metal). 
Electric Vehicle Drive Components Warranty: The Electric Vehicle Drive Components 
Warranty (transaxle, traction battery, inverter with converter) is in effect for 8 years or 
100,000 miles from the new vehicle purchase/lease date, whichever comes first. 
Warranty coverage is subject to other terms and conditions. Refer to applicable 
Warranty and Maintenance Guide for full details. 
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable 
Warranty and Maintenance Guide for details. 

Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle purchase, the Toyota Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles from the vehicle’s in-service date, which is the same coverage as the Toyota New Vehicle Limited Warranty. For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage is 12 months, regardless of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the vehicle, or the remainder of any applicable new vehicle warranty, whichever provides greater coverage. ChargePoint® Home stations by ChargePoint® (Manufacturer) Warranty: Home Flex EV Charger is covered by ChargePoint® Manufacturer’s Warranty: 3-year parts warranty 42 You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be kept overnight for repairs covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota dealership for further details. For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to the applicable Warranty and Maintenance Guide or see your Toyota dealer.

WARRANTIES

Home Flex EV Charger by ChargePoint® 42 Associated Accessory Product

Activity Mount

Illuminated Doorsills

Carpet Mat Package 43

Cross Bars 44

Cargo Net 45 Universal Tablet Holder 46

All-Weather Floor Liner Package 43

Alloy Wheel Locks

##### b Z4X FEATURES

##### Exterior

18-in. multi-spoke black/silver alloy wheels with two-tone covers S 20-in. multi-spoke machine-finished wheels with gray accents S Bi-LED projector low- and high-beam headlights, Automatic High Beams (AHB), 37 and auto on/off S Multi-LED projector low- and high-beam headlights, Automatic High Beams (AHB), 37 and auto on/off S LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) S S LED taillights and stop lights S S Unique color-keyed center bumper; thin lower grille S Unique color-keyed center bumper; thin lower grille with chrome insert S Two-tone exterior color O Unique hammerhead hood with black-painted accents S S SAE J1772/CCS1 charging port compatibility S S Black-painted side fenders with air curtains S S Black-painted heated power outside mirrors with turn signal and blind spot warning 27 indicators, puddle lights and folding feature S S Color-keyed outside door handles with touch-sensor lock/unlock feature on front doors S S Panoramic fixed-glass roof with power sunshade S S Black window trim S Chrome window trim S Privacy glass on all rear side, quarter and liftgate windows S S Split roof rear spoiler O Ducktail rear spoiler S S Rear lower diffuser S S Height-adjustable, foot-activated power liftgate with jam protection 30 S Rain-sensing variable intermittent windshield wipers with de-icer function S S Roof-mounted shark-fin antenna S S

##### Interior

Dual zone automatic climate control system with dust and pollen filter, and rear-seat vents S S 
Front radiant foot-and-leg heater P 
Covered Qi-compatible wireless smartphone charging 6 with charge indicator light S S 
Top-mount Multi-Information Display (MID) with indicators and 7-in. LCD display with speedometer, charge meter, power output meter, 
drive mode indicators, instrumentation and customizable settings, odometer, tripmeters, clock, outside temperature, rear passenger 
seatbelt indicators, fuel economy information, trip timer, charging information and settings, and warning messages S S 
Fabric-trimmed seats with SofTex®-trimmed 4 bolsters; 6-way adjustable front seats; driver and front passenger seatback pockets S 
SofTex®-trimmed 4 seats; 8-way power-adjustable driver’s seat with lumbar support; 6-way adjustable front passenger seat; 
driver and front passenger seatback pockets S 
60/40 split, reclining fold-flat rear seat with center armrest and cup holders S S 
Heated front seats P 
Heated and ventilated front seats S 
Heated rear seats P 
Black carpet flooring with driver’s-side footrest S S 
Leather-trimmed manual tilt/telescopic 3-spoke steering wheel S 
Heated leather-trimmed manual tilt/telescopic 3-spoke steering wheel P S 
Turn signal stalk with headlight controls and one-touch 3-blink lane change turn signals; wiper control stalk S S 
Dial-type shift knob S S 
Soft-touch fabric dashboard S S 
Soft-touch armrests and center console with piano-black accents S S 
Black interior door handles S S 
Smart Key System on front doors with Push Button Start; remote keyless entry system with lock, unlock and panic functions; 
and remote air conditioning controls S 
Smart Key System on front doors with Push Button Start; remote keyless entry system with lock, unlock and panic functions; 
power liftgate and remote air conditioning controls S 
Digital Key 57 capability — Digital Key enables smartphone to be used instead of a physical key. Remote Connect 23 subscription required. S 
Power windows with auto up/down and jam protection in all positions S S 
Rear liftgate window defogger S S 
Power door locks with shift-linked automatic lock/unlock feature S S 
Auto-dimming rearview mirror S 
Auto-dimming rearview mirror with HomeLink® 48 S 
Overhead console with maplights, Safety Connect® 14 button and power tilt/slide window shade controls S S 
Sun visors with illuminated vanity mirrors S S 
LED front-seat reading lights, dome light and cargo area light S S 
Front and rear ambient floor lighting S 
Center console with covered compartment for Qi wireless charger, 6 two cup holders, Drive Mode, Multi-Terrain Select (MTS), 
Electric Parking Brake (EPB) 49 and automatic Brake Hold 50 controls, and front storage tray S S 

S = Standard O = Optional P = Available as part of a package

##### b Z4X FEATURES

Interior (continued) Height-adjustable rear cargo area deck board with Level 1 charger storage and tonneau cover S S Four USB-C charge ports 7 — two front/two rear S S One USB-A media port 7 — front S S One 12V/120W 51 auxiliary power outlet in bottom storage tray S S Front-door storage pockets with bottle holders S S Seatback pockets on driver and passenger side S S

##### Audio Multimedia

12.3-in. Toyota Audio Multimedia with six speakers, wireless Apple CarPlay® 8 & Android Auto™ 11 compatible, SiriusXM® 12 with 
3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription. 12 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details. S S 
9-speaker JBL® 5 Premium Audio including subwoofer and amplifier O 
Connected Services 31 

Drive Connect 21 with 3-year trial subscription 21 — includes Cloud Navigation with Google Points-of-Interest (POI) data, 
Intelligent Assistant 21 with Hey, Toyota, and Destination Assist. 22 Subscription required. 21 S S 
Safety Connect® 14 with up to 10-year trial subscription; 14 4G network dependent — includes Emergency Assistance, Stolen 
Vehicle Locator, 16 Roadside Assistance 15 and Automatic Collision Notification. Trial subscription is included at no additional cost. 14 S S 
Service Connect 17 with up to 10-year trial subscription; 17 4G network dependent — receive personalized maintenance 
updates and vehicle health reports. Subscription required. 17 S S 
Remote Connect 23 with 3-year trial subscription 23 — remotely interact with your vehicle through the Toyota app 62 via your 
smartwatch, 24 Amazon Alexa-enabled 25 devices, and Google Assistant™-enabled 26 devices. Allowing you to lock/unlock doors, 
start and stop the vehicle, use Remote Climate features, use Remote Charging features, locate your last parked location, 
check vehicle status and monitor guest drivers. Subscription required. 23 S S 
Wi-Fi Connect 18 — with 30-day or up to 3 GB trial subscription. 18 With AT&T Wi-Fi hotspot and Integrated Streaming 
(Apple Music® 19 and Amazon Music™ 20) compatibility. Subscription required. 18 S S 

##### Safety and Convenience

Toyota Safety Sense™ 3.0 (TSS 3.0) 33 — includes Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection (PCS w/PD), 34 Lane Departure Alert 
with Steering Assist (LDA w/SA), 36 Lane Tracing Assist (LTA), 38 Automatic High Beams (AHB), 37 Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise 
Control (DRCC) 35 and Road Sign Assist (RSA) 39 S S 
Star Safety System™ — includes Enhanced Vehicle Stability Control (VSC), 52 Traction Control (TRAC), 
Anti-lock Brake System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), Brake Assist (BA) 53 and 
Smart Stop Technology® (SST) 54 S S 
Eight airbags 40 — includes driver and front passenger Advanced Airbag System, driver and front passenger seat-mounted side airbags, 
driver’s knee airbag, front passenger seat cushion airbag, and front and rear side curtain airbags S S 
3-point seatbelts for all seating positions; driver-side Emergency Locking Retractor (ELR) and Automatic/Emergency Locking Retractor 
(ALR/ELR) on all passenger seatbelts S S 
Adjustable front shoulder anchors S S 
Backup camera 55 with projected path S 
Backup camera 55 with dynamic gridlines S 
Panoramic View Monitor 29 with 360-degree Overhead View in low-speed drive and reverse, and Curb View S 
Child-protector rear door locks and power window lockout control S S 
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) includes lower anchors on outboard rear seats and tether anchors on all rear seats S S 
Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS) 56 with direct pressure readout and individual tire location alert S S 
Blind Spot Monitor (BSM) 27 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA) 28 S S 
Safe Exit Assist (SEA) 13 S S 
Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB) 41 S S 
Vehicle Proximity Notification System (VPNS) 58 S S 
Anti-theft system with immobilizer 59 S S 

##### Packages and Options

XLE Weather Package — includes heated leather-trimmed steering wheel and heated front seats P Limited Weather Package — includes heated rear seats and front radiant foot-and-leg warmer P 9-speaker JBL® 5 Premium Audio including subwoofer and amplifier O Split roof rear spoiler O

S = Standard O = Optional P = Available as part of a package

b Z4X SPECIFICATIONS S = Standard O = Optional P = Available as part of a package

##### Mechanical/Performance XLE Limited

BATTERY ELECTRIC MOTOR 
AC synchronous electric generator S S 
Power output (front) (150kW) (FWD) 201 hp 201 hp 
Power output (front/rear), 107/107 hp (80/80 kW) (AWD) 214 hp 214 hp 
Max torque (front) (FWD) 196 lb.-ft. 196 lb.-ft. 
Max torque (front/rear) (AWD) 248 lb.-ft. 248 lb.-ft. 
Emission rating: Zero Emission Vehicle (ZEV) S S 
TRACTION BATTERY 
Battery type: Lithium-ion S S 
Total battery capacity (kWh) (FWD) 71.4 71.4 
Total battery capacity (kWh) (AWD) 72.8 72.8 
Total voltage (V) 355 355 
CHARGING 
AC Level 2 charging time 61 (240V at 32A, from Low Battery Light to 100%) 9.5 hours 9.5 hours 
DC Fast Charging time 3 (from Low Battery Light to 80%, in ideal conditions) (minutes) 30 with 150 kW(FWD)/ 30 with 150 kW(FWD)/ 
60 with 100 kW (AWD) 60 with 100 kW (AWD) 
AC Level 1 charging time 61 (120V at 12A, from Low Battery Light to 100%) 50 hours 50 hours 
SAE J1772/CCS1 charging port compatibility S S 
AC Level 1 (120V), AC Level 2 (240V) and DC Fast Charging compatibility S S 
AC charger maximum output (kW) 6.6 6.6 
DRIVETRAIN 
Front-Wheel Drive (FWD) S S 
All-Wheel Drive (AWD) O O 
CAPABILITY 
X-MODE drive mode with Snow/Dirt, Deep Snow/Mud and Grip Control modes AWD AWD 
Eco and Normal drive modes S S 
Regenerative braking with Boost Mode S S 
Snow drive mode FWD FWD 
Approach/departure angle (degrees) 17.4/25.6 17.4/25.6 
Ground clearance (in.) 8.1 8.1 
BODY 
Reinforced unitized steel body with alloy undercover S S 
SUSPENSION 
Independent MacPherson strut-type front suspension with stabilizer bar; multi-link rear suspension with stabilizer bar S S 
STEERING 
Electric Power Steering (EPS); electric power-assisted rack-and-pinion S S 
Steering wheel turns (lock-to-lock) 2.8 2.8 
Steering ratio 14.1 14.1 
Minimum turning circle diameter, curb-to-curb (ft.) 40.0 40.0 
BRAKES 
Electronically Controlled Braking (ECB) system with integrated regenerative braking S S 
Ventilated 12.9-in. front disc brakes; ventilated 12.5-in. rear disc brakes S S 

##### Dimensions

EXTERIOR DIMENSIONS (in.) 
Overall height with antenna 69.0 69.0 
Overall length 184.6 184.6 
Overall width 73.2 73.2 
Track (front/rear) 63.0/63.4 63.0/63.4 
Wheelbase 112.2 112.2 
INTERIOR DIMENSIONS, front/rear (in.) 
Head room 38.6/37.1 38.6/37.1 
Hip room 54.4/44.8 54.4/44.8 
Leg room 44.8/47.7 44.8/47.7 
Shoulder room 57.8/56.0 57.8/56.0 
INTERIOR DIMENSIONS (cu. ft.) 
Cargo volume behind front/rear seat (cu. ft.) 45 (with JBL® 5 speakers) 27.7/56.9 27.7/56.9 (25.8/55.0) 
Manufacturer-estimated interior volume (cu. ft.) (with JBL® 5 speakers) 123.0 123.0 (121.5) 
Manufacturer-estimated passenger volume (cu. ft.) 94.4 94.4 

WEIGHTS/CAPACITIES 
Curb weight (lb.) 4266 (FWD) 4398 (FWD) 
4332 (AWD) 4464 (AWD) 
Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) (lb.) 5435 5620 
Seating capacity 5 5 
TIRES 
All-season radials S S 
Tire Repair Kit S S 
RANGE 
EPA-estimated range (mi.) 2 252 (FWD) 242 (FWD) 
228 (AWD) 222 (AWD) 

b Z4X SPECIFICATIONS S = Standard O = Optional P = Available as part of a package

##### DISCLOSURES

1. Extra-cost color. 2. EPA-estimated 252-mile total driving range rating for 2023 bZ4X XLE FWD; 242-mile total driving range rating for 2023 bZ4X Limited FWD; 228-mile total driving range rating for 2023 bZ4X XLE AWD; and 222-mile total driving range rating for 2023 bZ4X Limited AWD total driving range for when vehicle is fully charged and operated under ideal driving conditions. Use for comparison purposes only. Actual range may decrease significantly depending on speed, outside temperature, accessory use, how/where you drive, charging habits, and other factors. Battery capacity also decreases with time and use, which will reduce range. See www.fueleconomy.gov and Owner’s Manual for details. 3. DC charging times are estimated based on ideal charging conditions. As temperatures decrease below 50 degrees Fahrenheit, charging time will increase significantly. For the bZ4X AWD model, charging may slow down more than other models in weather conditions below 32 degrees Fahrenheit and may not be possible when the temperature drops to around -4 degrees Fahrenheit and below. Drive battery level and condition, charger specifications and DC charging more than twice per day also can negatively affect charging time. 4. SofTex® is a registered trademark of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. 5. JBL® is a registered trademark of Harman International Industries, Inc. 6. Qi wireless charging may not be compatible with all mobile phones, MP3/ WMA players and like models. When using the wireless charging system, avoid placing metal objects between the wireless charger and the mobile device when charging is active. Doing so may cause metal objects to become hot and could cause burns. 7. May not be compatible with all mobile phones, MP3/WMA players and like models. 8. Apps and services are subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. Apple CarPlay® functionality requires a compatible iPhone® connected wirelessly to the vehicle. Apple CarPlay® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. 9. iPhone® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 10. Android is a trademark of Google LLC. 11. Android™ and Android Auto™ are trademarks of Google LLC. To wirelessly use Android Auto™ on your car display, you need a compatible Android™ smartphone with an active data plan. You can check which smartphones are compatible at g.co/androidauto/requirements. 12. Trial length and service availability may vary by model, model year or trim. Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial subscription period unless you decide to continue service. If you do not wish to enjoy your trial, you can cancel by calling the number below. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service subject to the SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy; visit www.siriusxm.com to see complete terms and how to cancel which includes calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services and features are subject to device capabilities and location availability. All fees, content and features are subject to change. SiriusXM, Pandora and all related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective subsidiaries. 13. Do not rely exclusively on Safe Exit Assist. Always look for approaching traffic before exiting the vehicle. There are limitations to the function, detection and range of the Safe Exit Assist system. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 14. Safety Connect® depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded, including access to response center and emergency support. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. Automatic Collision Notification activates only in limited circumstances. Requires app download/registration and subscription after trial (if applicable). Service subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Service may vary by vehicle and region. See usage precautions and service limitations in Owner’s Manual and at toyota.com/connected-services for additional details. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. The Safety Connect® trial period (if applicable) is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Subscription required after trial to access the service. 15. Requires adequate cellular coverage and GPS signal strength. May not work in all areas. Service may vary by vehicle and region. See Toyota Dealer for details and exclusions. 16. Building and/or parking structures may limit system effectiveness. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. For additional assistance contact the Toyota Customer Experience Center at 1-800-331-4331. 17. Information provided is based on the last time data was collected from the vehicle and is not real-time data. Service Connect depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded. Service may vary by vehicle and region. Requires app download/ registration and subscription after trial. Service subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See usage precautions and service limitations in Owner’s Manual and at toyota.com/connected-services for additional details. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. Service Connect is not renewable as a stand-alone service and requires a subscription to any of Safety Connect®, Remote Connect or Drive Connect upon trial expiration. The Service Connect trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Service Connect is not renewable as a stand-alone service and requires a subscription to any of Safety Connect®, Remote Connect or Drive Connect upon trial expiration. 18. Eligible vehicle and wireless service required. Wi-Fi Connect depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded. Wi-Fi Connect coverage and service not available everywhere. Valid in the contiguous U.S. and Alaska. Do not drive distracted. Go to att.com/toyota for terms and conditions. Data usage and charges apply. Up to 5 devices can be supported using in-vehicle connectivity. Apps and services subject to change at any time without notice. The Wi-Fi Connect trial begins at the time of enrollment and expires the earlier of 3GB data use or the 1-month trial period ends. Subscription required after trial. Integrated Streaming requires separate subscriptions to third-party provider services. Terms of Use apply. The Wi-Fi Connect trial begins at the time of enrollment and expires when 30 days or the earlier of 3GB of data is used or the 1-month period ends. Subscription required after trial. Integrated Streaming requires separate subscriptions to third-party provider services. Terms of Use apply. 19. Apple Music and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Requires Wi-Fi Connect subscription after trial (if applicable) and your own Apple Music account. 20. Amazon Music, and all related marks are trademarks of Amazon Technologies, Inc. or its affiliates. 21. Drive Connect availability and accuracy depend on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded. Services not available in every city or roadway. Services subject to change at any time without notice. Requires app download/registration and subscription required after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. See Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/for additional limitations and details. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. The Drive Connect trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial (if applicable) to access the service. Terms of Use apply. 22. Destination Assist depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded. Use common sense when relying on this information. Service may vary by vehicle and region. Registration required. Subscription required after trial. Services subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Owner’s Manual and toyota.com/connected-services for additional limitations and details. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. The Destination Assist trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial to access the service. 23. Use only if aware of circumstances surrounding vehicle and it is legal and safe to do so (e.g., do not remotely start engine if vehicle is in an enclosed space or vehicle is occupied by a child). Remote Connect depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded. Digital Key also requires Bluetooth® connectivity. Service may vary by vehicle and region. Requires app download and registration/subscription after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. Remote start/stop not available on manual transmission-equipped vehicles. Services subject to change at any time without notice. See usage precautions and service limitations in Toyota Owner’s Manual and at https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/ for additional details. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. The Remote Connect trial period (if applicable) is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Subscription required after trial to access the service. Terms of Use apply. 24. Not all smartwatches are compatible with Remote Connect: Samsung Gear, Fitbit, Garmin are not compatible. 25. Amazon, Alexa and related marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Certain functions require compatible smartphone and download of https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/toyotaapp/. Operability depends on network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. Services subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. To learn more, go to https://www.toyota.com/audio-multimedia/. To learn more about Toyota’s Connected Services’ data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-rights/. 26. Google is a trademark of Google LLC. 27. Do not rely exclusively on the Blind Spot Monitor. Always look over your shoulder and use your turn signal. There are limitations to the function, detection and range of the monitor. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 28. Do not rely exclusively on the Rear Cross-Traffic Alert system. Always look over your shoulder and use your mirrors to confirm rear clearance. There are limitations to the function, detection and range of the system. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 29. The Panoramic View Monitor does not provide a comprehensive view of the area surrounding the vehicle. You should also look around outside your vehicle and use your mirrors to confirm surrounding clearance. Environmental conditions may limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 30. Installation of a tow hitch receiver or other accessories located near the rear bumper or side door kick sensors, may require disabling or removing the kick sensor, and the sensor operation setting in your vehicle should be turned off. Water, weather, dirt, and other conditions also may cause the sensor to not operate properly or to operate unintentionally. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 31. Connected Services depend on factors outside Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded, including access to response center and emergency support. Service may vary by vehicle and region. Apps and services subject to change at any time without notice. Requires app download/registration and subscription after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. Data usage and charges may apply. See usage precautions and service limitations in Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/ for additional limitations and details. To learn about Toyota’s connected services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. All trials begin on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle, with the exception of Wi-Fi for which the trial begins at the time of activation. Paid subscription required after trial in order to continue accessing the respective services. Terms of Use apply. 32. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such marks by Toyota is under license. A compatible Bluetooth®-enabled phone must first be paired. Phone performance depends on software, coverage and carrier. 33. Toyota Safety Sense™ effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. Drivers are responsible for their own safe driving. Always pay attention to your surroundings and drive safely. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 34. The Pre-Collision System (PCS) with Pedestrian Detection (PD) is designed to determine if impact is imminent and help reduce impact speed and damage in certain frontal collisions involving a vehicle, a pedestrian or a bicyclist. PCS w/PD is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving. System effectiveness depends on many factors, such as speed, size and position of pedestrian or bicyclist and weather, light and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 35. Full-Speed Range Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC) is designed to assist the driver and is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. System effectiveness is dependent on many factors including

##### DISCLOSURES

road, weather and traffic conditions. Vehicles with manual transmission have regular DRCC. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 36. Lane Departure Alert with Steering Assist is designed to read visible lane markers under certain conditions. It provides a visual and audible alert and slight steering force when lane departure is detected. It is not a collision-avoidance system or a substitute for safe and attentive driving. Effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 37. Automatic High Beams operate at speeds above 25 mph. Factors such as a dirty windshield, weather, lighting and terrain limit effectiveness, requiring the driver to manually operate the high beams. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 38. The Lane Tracing Assist (LTA) lane centering function is designed to read visible lane markers and detect other vehicles under certain conditions. It is only operational when DRCC is engaged. Not available on vehicles with manual transmissions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 39. Do not rely exclusively on Road Sign Assist (RSA). RSA is a driver support system that utilizes the vehicle’s forward-facing camera and navigation system (when data is available) to recognize certain road signs and provide information to the driver via the multi-information display and/or Head-Up Display. Effectiveness is dependent on road, weather, vehicle and sign conditions. Use common sense when using RSA and do not drive distracted. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 40. Airbag systems are Supplemental Restraint Systems and are designed to inflate only under certain conditions and in certain types of severe collisions. To decrease the risk of injury from an inflating airbag, always wear seatbelts and sit upright in the middle of the seat as far back as possible. Do not put objects in front of an airbag or around the seatback. Do not use a rearward-facing child seat in any front passenger seat. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 41. At speeds of 9 mph or less, Front and Rear Parking Assist with Automatic Braking (PA w/AB) is designed to assist drivers in avoiding potential collisions with nearby static objects when the vehicle is in Drive or Reverse and approaching crossing vehicles when the vehicle is in Reverse. Do not overly rely on PA w/AB. Always look around outside the vehicle and use mirrors to confirm clearance. Certain vehicle and environmental factors, including an object or vehicle’s shape, size and composition, may affect the system’s effectiveness. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 42. This product is not a Genuine Toyota part or accessory and was not designed or manufactured by Toyota. This product is not warranted by Toyota, and Toyota expressly disclaims any warranty for this product, including without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability and of fitness for particular purpose. Toyota also disclaims all liability for direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including but not limited to, damage to or loss of personal or commercial property, loss of use, cost of purchase of replacement goods, or claims of customers of any Toyota dealer that result from the use of this product. 43. This floor mat/floor liner was designed specifically for use in your model and model year vehicle and SHOULD NOT be used in any other vehicle. To avoid potential interference with pedal operation, each mat/liner must be secured with its fasteners. Do not install a floor mat/floor liner on top of an existing floor mat/floor liner. 44. Do not overload your vehicle. See Owner’s Manual for weight limits and restrictions. 45. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. Always properly secure cargo and cargo area. 46. The universal tablet holder is intended for passengers only. Drivers should always be sure to obey traffic regulations and maintain awareness of the road and traffic conditions at all times. Use of aftermarket accessories may pose an increased risk of injury to occupants in the event of an accident. Tablet sold separately. 47. Public charging experience will vary based on charger type (Level 2 or DC Fast Charger) and other factors including vehicle and environmental conditions. See toyota.com/electrified/charging for more information. 48. HomeLink® and the HomeLink® house icon are registered trademarks of Gentex Corporation. 49. When the system is on, Electric Parking Brake is designed to engage the Parking Brake under limited conditions. It may not hold the vehicle under all conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 50. When the system is on, Brake Hold is designed to keep the brakes engaged after the driver brings the vehicle to a complete stop. It may not hold the vehicle under certain conditions and does not function when the vehicle is in Reverse. Brake Hold is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 51. Rated for 12 volts/10 amps. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 52. Vehicle Stability Control is an electronic system designed to help the driver maintain vehicle control under adverse conditions. It is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. Factors including speed, road conditions, weather and driver steering input can all affect whether VSC will be effective in preventing a loss of control. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 53. Brake Assist is designed to help the driver take advantage of ABS and is not a substitute for safe driving practices. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper vehicle maintenance, tire and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 54. Smart Stop Technology® operates only in the event of certain contemporaneous brake and accelerator pedal applications. When engaged, the system will reduce power to help the brakes bring the vehicle to a stop. Factors including speed, road conditions and driver input can all impact stopping distance. Smart Stop Technology® is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving and does not guarantee instant stopping. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 55. The backup camera does not provide a comprehensive view of the rear area of the vehicle and you should also look around the vehicle, using mirrors to confirm rearward clearance. Environmental conditions may limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 56. The Tire Pressure Monitor System alerts the driver when tire pressure is critically low. For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 57. Digital Key function requires active Remote Connect trial or subscription. Depends on operative telematics device, availability of compatible wireless network and other factors. Use only if aware of vehicle surroundings and it is legal and safe (ex., do not use if vehicle is in enclosed space or is occupied by a child). Subject to change without notice. Requires app download and registration/subscription after trial (if applicable). Not available on vehicles with manual transmission. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. See Toyota Owner’s Manual and https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/. To learn about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. 58. This device is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. It is the driver’s responsibility to maintain a lookout for pedestrians, cyclists, other cars and objects, and to drive the vehicle in a safe and attentive manner to avoid making contact. 59. The immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti theft system that is initiated when you insert your key into the ignition switch or bring a Smart Key fob into the vehicle. The engine will only start if the code in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in the vehicle’s immobilizer. The transponder chip is embedded in the key/fob and can be costly to replace. If you lose a key or fob, your Toyota dealer can help or go to www.aloa.org to find a qualified locksmith in your area who can perform high-security key service. 60. Available in select states and in limited quantities. 61. Actual range attainable per minute/hour of charging will vary significantly depending on speed, outside temperature, accessory use, how/where you drive, battery condition and other factors. 62. Toyota app requires an active Remote Connect trial or subscription.

Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order. Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print). Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. For details on vehicle specifications, standard features and available equipment in your area, contact your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota dealer to help locate a specifically equipped vehicle. All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only. Vehicles shown may be prototypes, shown using visual effects and/or shown with options. Actual models may vary.

For Toyota Mobility program details, go to www.toyotamobility.com or call the Toyota Brand Engagement Center at 1-800-331-4331

