6990mm
3935mm
2080mm
2635mm
MECHANICAL SPECIFICATIONS  Coaster
ENGINE 
Engine code 1GD-FTV
Engine description 4-cylinder turbo-diesel
Displacement (cm3) 2755
Maximum power (kW/rpm) 110/2500
Maximum torque (Nm/rpm) 420/1400-2500
Maximum speed (km/h) 100
Bore x stroke (mm) 92.0 x 103.6
Compression ratio (:1) 15:6:1
STEERING
Steering gear type Recirculating ball and nut
Steering ratio (:1) 18.6
Power steering type Integral
Turning circle (m) 13.0
BRAKES
Brake type – front Ventilated disc
Brake type – rear Drums, twin leading shoes 
SUSPENSION
Front Independent double wishbone with shock absorbers
Rear Leaf spring rigid axle with shock absorbers
WEIGHT 
(APPROXIMATE) Maximum kerb weight (kg)1 Automatic Standard - 3710, Automatic Deluxe - 3730
Gross vehicle weight (kg)1 5235
CAPACITIES
Fuel capacity (L) 95
Seating capacity 22
Towing capacity (braked) (kg)² 1400
Please Note: information is accurate as at February 2023.
Specification and imagery are indicative and should only be used as a guide. Vehicle and accessory specification, features, colour and trim may differ at the time of vehicle delivery.
Coaster
IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ: 
Toyota Australia uses its best endeavours to ensure material is accurate at the time of publishing. 
All information must be confirmed with your Toyota Dealer at the time of ordering, as specifications, 
applicability and availability may change over time. Colours depicted are a guide only and may vary 
from actual colours due to the printing/display process. Toyota Australia reserves the right to change 
and/or discontinue, without notice, models, prices, colours, materials, equipment, specifications. To 
the extent permitted by law, Toyota Australia will not be liable for any damage or loss incurred from 
relying on the information and images contained in this material. Distributed nationally (other than 
in Western Australia) by Toyota Motor Corporation Australia Limited ABN 64 009 686 097. Material 
distributed in Western Australia by or on behalf of Prestige Motors Pty Ltd (for vehicles) and by 
Eastpoint Pty Ltd (for parts/accessories). Toyota Australia makes no warranties regarding (and will not 
be liable for) accuracy of materials distributed in Western Australia. PROOF HQ: T2022-018126.  
GTO-007009. VERSION: FEBRUARY 2023.
1  Weights/mass/volumes/dimensions are approximate and subject to individual vehicle variances, 
and should be confirmed before fitting any accessories, towing or otherwise relying on this value. 
2  Towing capacity is subject to regulatory requirements, tow bar and vehicle design and towing 
equipment limitations. Ask your Dealer for Toyota Genuine tow bar capacity and availability details. 
3  Bluetooth® is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. 
COASTER MODEL Standard Deluxe
TRANSMISSION
Transmission 6-speed automatic transmission 
with sequential shift
6-speed automatic transmission 
with sequential shift
EXTERIOR Automatic LED headlamps • •
Folding door with buzzer and jam protection •
Automatic gliding door with buzzer • 
Chrome full wheel covers • •
Front fog lamps • •
INTERIOR Cloth covered driver’s seat with lumbar adjustment • •
Driver underseat storage tray and seat back pocket • •
PVC and fabric passenger seats •
Cloth covered passenger seats •
Grab handle - driver's side • •
Power door lock for driver’s door and gliding door •
FEATURES Air conditioning • •
Multi Information Display • •
Passenger compartment heater • •
PA system • •
Electric fuel lid opener • •
Satellite navigation • •
AUDIO 6.1" colour touchscreen with AM/FM radio and  
MP3 compatible single disc CD player • •
USB port • •
Voice recognition • •
Bluetooth®3 connectivity • •
SAFETY Toyota Safety Sense – including Pre-Collision Safety system 
with daytime pedestrian detection, Lane Departure Alert  
and Automatic High Beam
• •
Anti-lock Braking System • •
3-point seat belts fitted on all seats • •
Side emergency exit windows • •
Rear emergency exit door with illuminated sign • •
2.3kg powder type fire extinguisher • •
Reversing camera • •
Reversing beeper • •
Brake Assist • •
Hill-start Assist Control • •
Vehicle Stability Control • •
