Coaster
Please Note: information is accurate as at February 2023.
Specification and imagery are indicative and should only be used as a guide. Vehicle and 
accessory specification, features, colour and trim may differ at the time of vehicle delivery.
Minor variations in vehicle image specification may occur.
Coaster Standard
• 2.8L turbo diesel engine
• Air conditioning
•  Side emergency exit windows and rear 
emergency exit door
• Bluetooth®1 connectivity
• Reversing camera2
• Satellite navigation
• 6-speed automatic transmission
• 22-seat capacity – including driver
• Microphone with amplifier
• Anti-lock Braking System
•  6.1" colour touchscreen display with  
AM/FM radio, MP3 compatible single  
disc CD player and USB input
• Brake Assist 
• Hill-start Assist Control
•  Multi Information Display 
• Vehicle Stability Control
• Front fog lamps
• Automatic LED headlamps
•  Toyota Safety Sense – including Pre-Collision 
Safety system with daytime pedestrian 
detection, Lane Departure Alert and  
Automatic High Beam
 
Coaster Deluxe
In addition to, or in replacement  
of standard features:
• Automatic gliding door 
• Fabric covered seats and window curtains
If you’re in the business of moving groups
of people from A to B, then Coaster ensures
everyone onboard will enjoy the ride.
Featuring a roomy 22-seat capacity, including
driver, Coaster transforms a communal road trip
into a pleasant journey, right from the moment
passengers step aboard through the automatic
sliding door (available on Deluxe grade only).
A high ceiling provides generous headroom,  
and with ample space between the seats, there 
is plenty of welcome legroom for the passengers. 
All models are fitted standard with luggage racks, 
air conditioning and heating, while the Deluxe 
model also features comfortable fabric seats and 
window curtains to help ensure every journey is 
an enjoyable experience.
The Public Address (PA) system and  
microphone come in handy when it’s time  
to keep everyone up-to-date and informed,  
while satellite navigation³ and the reversing 
camera2 help keep you on track and in control.  
Brake Assist2 can provide you with additional 
braking force in emergency situations.
Crowd-pleasing 
design
A Coaster Deluxe interior
B Fabric covered seats and window curtains  
 – Deluxe model shown
C SRS driver’s seat airbag 
D Clipboard holder 
A
B
C
D
Toyota Genuine 
Accessories4
Developed alongside the vehicle, 
this unique advantage allows 
Toyota to design accessories,  
so they integrate harmoniously 
with the vehicle structure  
and safety systems.  
For more information, visit  
toyota.com.au/accessories
Toyota Access 
Offering flexible finance options, 
lower monthly repayments⁷  
and a Guaranteed Future Value, ⁸  
a Toyota Access Loan means 
you can drive the Toyota you 
want today, knowing the future 
is taken care of. When your loan 
ends, you have options to trade, 
keep or return your vehicle.  
For more information, visit  
toyota.com.au/toyota-access
Toyota Service 
Advantage⁵
We’ll keep the cost of your 
standard logbook service at 
a capped price for up to your 
first 3 or 5 years on the road, 
depending on the vehicle model. 
To find out your low capped 
service price, visit  
toyota.com.au/owners/service/
service-pricing-calculator
Toyota Certified 
Pre-Owned Vehicles
Enjoy the reassurance that 
comes with a Toyota Certified 
Pre-Owned Vehicle. Including an 
additional 1-year Toyota-backed 
warranty, ⁹ full-service history  
and 90-point inspection  
by Toyota Technicians.  
For more information, visit  
toyota.com.au/certified
Toyota Genuine 
Insurance⁶
With Toyota Genuine Insurance 
you’re not alone. Over 350,000* 
Toyota owners have made the 
same choice because they know 
their Toyota’s in safe hands.  
For more information, visit  
toyotainsurance.com.au
Toyota Warranty 
Advantage¹⁰
Stick to your service schedule, 
and we’ll extend your engine 
and driveline warranty from five 
to seven years, so you can drive 
stress-free for longer. For more 
information, visit 
toyota.com.au/owners/warranty
When you join the Toyota family, you  
get so much more than a new car feeling.  
You unlock a whole range of benefits to keep   
you moving now and well into the future.
Discover your Toyota lifetime of  
advantages at toyota.com.au/owners
Unlock it all

IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ:  
Toyota Australia uses its best endeavours to ensure material is accurate at the time  
of publishing. All information must be confirmed with your Toyota Dealer at the time of 
ordering, as specifications, applicability and availability may change over time. Colours 
depicted are a guide only and may vary from actual colours due to the printing/display 
process. Toyota Australia reserves the right to change and/or discontinue, without 
notice, models, prices, colours, materials, equipment, specifications. To the extent 
permitted by law, Toyota Australia will not be liable for any damage or loss incurred  
from relying on the information and images contained in this material. Distributed 
nationally (other than in Western Australia) by Toyota Motor Corporation Australia 
Limited ABN 64 009 686 097. Material distributed in Western Australia by or on behalf 
of Prestige Motors Pty Ltd (for vehicles) and by Eastpoint Pty Ltd (for parts/accessories). 
Toyota Australia makes no warranties regarding (and will not be liable for) accuracy of 
materials distributed in Western Australia. PROOF HQ: T2022-018167. GTO-007006. 
VERSION: FEBRUARY 2023.
1  Bluetooth® is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. Compatibility and 
functionality varies depending on device.
2  Driver assist feature. Only operates under certain conditions. Check your Owner’s 
Manual for explanation of limitations. Please drive safely.
3  Coverage varies based on vehicle location.
4 See your Dealer for Toyota Genuine Accessory suitability and fitment,  
and Owner’s Manual for GVM limit. Colours may vary from actual.  
Visit toyota.com.au/vehiclepayload
5 Standard scheduled logbook services only. T&Cs apply. Visit toyota.com.au/advantage
6 Terms and conditions apply. This advice is general in nature and does not take into 
account your objectives, financial situation or needs. Before making a decision to 
purchase any of the insurance products you should consider the appropriateness of the 
advice taking into account your own objectives, financial situation and needs and refer 
to the current PDS and Target Market Determination for the relevant product available 
from participating Dealers, via our website at toyotainsurance.com.au or by calling 
137 200. Toyota Car Insurance purchased in a dealership or via the Toyota Insurance 
National Customer Solutions Centre is facilitated by Toyota Finance Australia Limited 
ABN 48 002 435 181, AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 392536 as agent for, and on 
behalf of, the insurer. The insurer of Toyota Car Insurance is Aioi Nissay Dowa Insurance 
Company Australia Pty Ltd ABN 11 132 524 282, AFSL 443540 (Adica). If Toyota Car 
Insurance is purchased online, the issuer and insurer is Adica. *This figure represents 
the total number of Toyota vehicles that have been insured by Toyota Insurance  
as at November 2021. 
7 Lower monthly repayments compared to a similar term with no Guaranteed Future 
Value (GFV) or equivalent balloon final payment. Total interest charges will be higher  
if a GFV or balloon final payment is selected.
8 Guaranteed Future Value (GFV) is the minimum value of your new or approved 
demonstrator Toyota at the end of your finance contract, as determined by Toyota 
Finance subject to fair wear and tear and agreed kilometres being met. Ask your 
dealers for more information. Approved applicants only. T&Cs apply. Toyota Finance 
Australia Limited ABN 48 002 435 181, AFSL and Australian Credit Licence 392536.
9 Applicable to pre-owned vehicles purchased as a Toyota Certified Pre-Owned (TCPO) 
vehicle on or after 01/01/2022. TCPO 2022 Warranty expires 1 year after sale, or 1 year 
after the current New Vehicle Warranty expires (if applicable), or 10 years from date 
of registration in original owner’s name, or at 160,000kms (whichever occurs first). 
TCPO Warranty does not apply to vehicles used for commercial purpose (eg taxis or 
rideshare). See toyota.com.au/tcpowarranty for T&Cs. This warranty does not limit and 
may not necessarily exceed your rights under the Australian Consumer Law.
10 The Toyota Warranty Advantage Extended Engine and Driveline coverage is for  
7 years from delivery, provided your vehicle is properly serviced and maintained per its 
Warranty and Service Book. Excludes vehicles used for a commercial purpose, such as 
taxis, hire vehicles and vehicles transporting people or goods for payment including 
rideshare. See toyota.com.au/owners/warranty for details. This warranty does not limit 
and may not necessarily exceed your rights under the Australian Consumer Law.
Disclaimers  
and Notice
