Toyota Unveils New-Concept 'ECHO,' Designed for Youth Appeal
HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN"
The Largest Independent Automotive Research Resource
Car Reviews 2026–1993
Used Cars
Perfect Match
Buyers Guides
4Car-Compare
Cars By Payments
Auto News
Video
Toyota Unveils New-Concept 'ECHO,' Designed for Youth Appeal
4 January 1999
Toyota Unveils New-Concept 'ECHO,' Designed for Youth Appeal From the Inside, Out
DETROIT, Jan. 4 -- Toyota Motor Sales (TMS) U.S.A., Inc.,
today unveiled ECHO, an all-new approach to meeting the unique demands of
young new-car buyers.
"ECHO is the first in a line of vehicles being developed by Toyota to
target the specific, unique demands of young new-car buyers," said Don Esmond,
Toyota Division vice president and general manager, at the car's world
premiere press conference at the North American International Auto Show. "The
emergence of the post-boom generations and specifically the NetGen, represent
a phenomenal change in the way car companies will do business over the next
decade. Not just because it is large and therefore important, but because it
is so different from previous generations."
ECHO was designed for strong youth appeal from the inside, out, with
interior roominess and styling that clearly departs from convention. It was
designed to be simple, functional and affordable, while delivering a level of
comfort and driveability that is one-class-up from what consumers expect from
an entry-level sedan. When it arrives at Toyota dealerships this fall, ECHO
will be offered in both two- and four-door models. It will be price-
positioned substantially below the Toyota Corolla, yet it will offer more
passenger volume than Mercedes C-class.
ECHO's departure from conventional design and traditional development
methods was the key to creating a vehicle with a sense of value to young new-
car buyers. Young subcompact sedan buyers purchase vehicles for very
practical reasons, and none are more important than affordability.
Not only did Toyota engineers prioritize cost efficiencies that will
result in a low initial cost to the consumer, they also considered how
affordable the car needed to be over the long term. ECHO will be one of the
highest mileage vehicles ever offered in America by Toyota and it will rank
among the most fuel-efficient vehicles in the industry. It also will be one
of the most economical Toyotas ever built in the areas of periodic maintenance
and parts replacement costs. And, when ECHO has finally reached the end of
its useful life cycle, a very high percentage of its parts will be recyclable.
ECHO offers the interior roominess of a compact sedan within the exterior
dimensions of a typical subcompact. This is achieved by taking a new approach
to vehicle packaging, which combines a tall profile and a cab-forward
silhouette. The high roof provides exceptional headroom and allows for a more
upright seating position, resulting in reduced driver fatigue and better
visibility. The cab forward design allows for increased overall interior
length. The layout also combines the low floor height of a sedan with a high
seating position similar to an SUV or minivan, which greatly enhance
ingress/egress.
ECHO's unique instrument cluster is center-mounted, high on the dash,
rather than directly in front of the driver. Because of the greater distance
from the driver's eyes to the instruments, refocusing between the road and the
display takes less time. The driver can retrieve information quicker and
there is less eye stress and strain.
Clearly styled and appointed to appeal to young buyers, ECHO will offer
audio system choices of exceptional high quality for this segment. It will
also feature a rare abundance of storage space, with dedicated CD bins, large
door pockets, seatback pockets and split glove boxes.
ECHO will be powered by an all-new 1.5-liter twin-cam four-cylinder engine
featuring Toyota's VVT-i variable-valve timing technology. Similar in design
to the VVT-i systems available on Lexus products, the new 1.5-liter twin-cam
four-cylinder engine will deliver an exceptional blend of power and fuel
economy and will be EPA-certified as a low-emission vehicle (LEV).
The engine will feature an alloy block-and-head and new plastic composite
intake manifold, further contributing to the vehicle's low curb weight of less
than 2,000 pounds. With engine output estimated at approximately 108
horsepower, ECHO's favorable power-to-weight ratio contributes to zero-to-60
acceleration performance on a par with Civic, Neon and Escort in preliminary
tests. ECHO's impressive acceleration performance is complimented with
equally impressive fuel economy, which is estimated at nearly 45 mpg combined
in preliminary tests.
The three-box ECHO body structure was developed to set new standards in
the class in the areas of low NVH, ride comfort and handling. It also will
provide exceptional occupant safety. In preliminary 40 mph offset crash
tests, ECHO is achieving similar A-pillar distortion and toe board intrusion
as that of the much-larger Camry. Standard equipment on the ECHO will include
dual air bags and seat belt pre-tensioners and force limiters. ABS and
daytime running lights will be optional later in the model year.
"ECHO is a dramatic shifting of gears for Toyota," said Esmond. "It is a
product of the realization that new concepts---with a new style and a new
attitude -- will be required to meet the needs of very young ... and very
savvy ... new-car buyers.
"Toyota's strategy in developing products for this emerging force in the
American marketplace is to offer widely diverse products ... at very
affordable price points. Some may fit neatly into existing market segments.
Most will not. And that, we feel, is at the core of appealing to this buyer."
Search, Explore, and Discover!
Copyright
1996–
The Auto Channel.
Send your questions, comments, and suggestions to
info@theautochannel.com.
Submit press releases or news stories to
submit@theautochannel.com.
Place copy in body of email, NO attachments please.
