Page 1
2025
Page 2
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
86 the limits.
Raise your adrenaline and rpm every time you’re behind the wheel of the 2025 Toyota GR86. Its iconic,  
race-ready heritage gets the most out of the twists and turns of your daily drives. Let the 2.4L boxer engine roar 
and unleash an impressive 228 hp1 and 184 lb.-ft. of torque to quickly get you up to speed. Feel it come to life 
around each bend with buttery-smooth motion, whether you decide to take on the racetrack or the roadway.
Premium shown in Track bRED (extra-cost color). Prototype shown. 
GR86 Premium shown in Halo.1GR86 Premium shown in Track bRED.1

Page 3
Racing vehicles not for sale.
Racing vehicle not for sale.
Professional driver. Vehicle modified for off-road  
racing. Do not attempt. Racing vehicle not for sale.
Born on the track. 
Bred for the 
streets.
Passion fuels innovation, and it’s our passion for 
motorsports that fuels Gazoo Racing (GR), Toyota’s 
global racing division. Racing gives us the opportunity 
to challenge ourselves — to push the limits and create 
better cars. Collectively, we grow through every 
turn of the wrench and every turn of the wheel. This 
dedication led us to develop GR86, making racing-
inspired sports cars accessible to the everyday driver.
Motorsports DNA
Gazoo Racing started with our unrelenting passion for  
motorsports and led to high-performance road cars with the  
DNA of motorsports. With heavy involvement from professional 
drivers and a track-proven formula for optimal engineering,  
the GR series was designed to leave a lasting impression.
Track-tested
Fine-tuned by track-proven drivers and master drivers like  
Akio Toyoda himself, every vehicle that’s earned the GR badge  
has been thoroughly pushed, honed and perfected through  
extensive testing at racetracks across the globe.
Page 4
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 HAKONE EDITION
Branching into  
uncharted territory.
Channeling the fierce, exhilarating spirit of the lush Hakone Forest, 
the GR86 Hakone Edition exudes refined craftsmanship in its 
thoughtful details, from its premium Ultrasuede®2 and Tan leather-
trimmed interior to its leather-trimmed key glove and leather 
owner's folio. In the GR86 Hakone Edition, you are immersed in 
an inspiring drive that fuels your connection to the open road.
Eye-catching exterior 
GR86 Hakone Edition's striking Ridge Green exterior  
captures the rich essence of the Hakone Forest.  
The special edition’s rear badging and exclusive  
puddle lights flaunt its heritage, demanding attention 
wherever its roar echoes.
18-in. alloy wheels
Stand out when you pull up with 18-in. alloy wheels in a matte-bronze 
finish, and maintain control on the road with Michelin®3 Pilot® Sport 4 
tires4 that grip the road in wet or dry conditions. 
GR86 Premium shown in both Halo1 and Track bRED.1
Hakone Edition shown in Ridge Green. Prototype shown. 
Page 5
Optimized body structure
Feel the road's embrace as you hug every 
bend. With a unibody frame that blends 
high-strength steel and lightweight  
aluminum, you have a top-notch  
platform for precise handling.  
Its low-mounted engine drops the  
center of gravity for more stability  
on every curve.
Driver-centric interior
Awaken your inner champion from the 
moment you step in. From turbine-style 
air vents and a dual zone climate control 
system to its premium dashboard, center 
console with available black toggles, and 
aluminum sport pedals, GR86’s interior 
is race-track ready. When you need more 
track-day essentials, just fold the rear 
seats for an extra set of tires.
Leather-trimmed driver touchpoints
Adding touches of comfort while showing  
off GR86’s sophisticated side are standard  
all-black leather touchpoints. From a  
leather-trimmed steering wheel to a  
leather-wrapped parking brake handle and 
available heated leather-trimmed seats, it’s 
about more than just function.
DESIGN
Designed for the 
win. Delivering 
the thrills.
GR86's sleek, aerodynamic profile boasts aggressive, 
racing-inspired proportions, with its long hood 
and short rear deck. Underneath, almost every 
component, from its powertrain to its body panels, 
has been optimized to be as light as possible, 
leaving you with near-perfect weight distribution 
that creates a highly responsive driving experience. 
Premium shown in both Halo and Track bRED (extra-cost colors). Prototypes shown.
Page 6
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Premium shown in both Halo and Track bRED (extra-cost colors).
PERFORMANCE
Stay ahead  
of the curve.
GR86 pushes you to outperform normal. Its 
front-engine, RWD layout propels you forward 
with impressive acceleration and provides you 
with a balanced drive through twists and turns. 
With its lightweight body, GR86 drives like a 
pro and adds excitement to each drive. 
6-speed Manual or Automatic Transmission
Choose your thrill. Whether you're rowing through the 
gears of a 6-speed close-ratio Manual with a short-throw 
shifter or triggering the paddle shifters of the 6-speed 
Automatic with Dynamic Rev Management, GR86 will be 
ready for your next move. 
2.4L 4-cylinder boxer engine
A 2.4L flat-four boxer engine that pumps out 
228 horsepower1 is impressive enough, but  
because it sits low in the chassis, the center  
of gravity is optimized to help GR86 carve  
those corners.
Track Mode
Turn on Track Mode to change the tach’s  
display and bring important info like rpm and gear  
into focus. Vehicle Stability Control (VSC)5 is also  
dialed back to help you reach the limits of grip,  
while Full-Off Mode prevents VSC from kicking in,  
putting you in full control. 
Optimized torque curve
Born to take on the track, GR86’s optimized torque 
curve keeps the G-forces on tap as you accelerate.  
This provides more usable power in the lower rpm 
range as you reach 184 lb.-ft. of peak torque, to  
help keep you planted in your seat.
860B TORQUE CURVE
Torque (lb.-ft.)
RPM
115
190
175
160
145
130
Previous Generation
GR86 Torque Curve
4000 5000 6000 7000300020001000
184 lb.-ft. @ 
3700 rpm
156 lb.-ft. @ 
6600 rpm
860B TORQUE CURVE
Torque (lb.-ft.)
RPM
115
190
175
160
145
130
Previous Generation
GR86 Torque Curve
4000 5000 6000 7000300020001000
184 lb.-ft. @ 
3700 rpm
156 lb.-ft. @ 
6600 rpm

Page 7
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
HANDLING
Blow everyone 
away.
GR86 is about the connection between you and the road. 
Its lightweight body and low center of gravity give you 
the agility to handle twists and turns, while its available 
18-in. matte-black-painted alloy wheels with Michelin®3 
Pilot® Sport 4 tires4 provide a tighter grip on the road.
Track-tuned suspension and  
limited-slip differential
GR86’s multi-link rear suspension and stabilizer bars allow 
smooth wheel travel to help sharpen turns and enhance 
grip over uneven surfaces. During low-traction situations, a 
Torsen®6 limited-slip differential (LSD) helps improve low-end 
acceleration by automatically distributing power to the wheel 
that needs it. 
Front-fender air vents
The aggressive front fenders with functional air vents  
help channel air around the car, for more driving stability. 
Premium shown in Track bRED (extra-cost color).  
Visual effects depicting a professional driver on a closed  
course with stability control off. Do not attempt.
Visual effects depicting a professional driver on a closed 
course with stability control off. Do not attempt.

Page 8
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
TECHNOLOGY
Up to speed with the latest tech.
Digital gauge cluster
Get all the vital info you need at a glance. From  
the moment you power it up, GR86’s fully digital  
instrument display welcomes you with a reminder 
of the FA24 boxer engine inside. The configurable 
3-mode gauge cluster display allows you to toggle 
between Normal, Sport or Track Modes, and change 
the way the tachometer animates.
8-in. Toyota Audio Multimedia touchscreen 
GR86’s 8-in. touchscreen comes standard with  
Apple CarPlay®8 and Android Auto™ 9 compatibility.  
Get directions, have your messages read aloud to you, 
and text back by voice, all while keeping your hands 
on the wheel.
Eight speakers
Just like the engineering under the hood, GR86’s 
speaker system is designed to amplify every drive. 
Cleaner, crisper and more dynamic, its available 
8-speaker sound system delivers enhanced sound 
quality, while an available 10-in. powered subwoofer 
is ready to add more bass to your playlist. 
Simulation shown with available 10-in. powered subwoofer accessory.
Premium interior shown in Alcantara®7 and Black leather trim. 
Apple CarPlay®8 compatibility shown. Screen depiction accurate at time of posting.
Page 9
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
SAFETY
Peace of mind for  
the road ahead.
It’s not just the performance that’s advanced. GR86 is available with some of 
the latest safety technologies to help keep you safe from start to finish.
GR86 Active Safety Suite
GR86 comes standard with a number  
of intelligent safety and convenience 
features,10 including a Pre-Collision Braking 
System (PCBS),11 Pre-Collision Throttle 
Management, Adaptive Cruise Control 
(ACC)12 (AT only) with Lead Vehicle Start 
Alert, Lane Departure Warning with Sway  
Warning,13 and Automatic High Beams.14
Seven airbags
With safety as a priority, GR86 comes 
standard with a driver and front passenger 
Advanced Airbag System: 19 front seat-  
mounted side airbags, side curtain airbags, 
and driver’s knee airbag. 
Blind Spot Detection and  
Rear Parking Sonar
The available Blind Spot Detection (BSD)15 
warns you when a vehicle in the next lane 
enters GR86’s blind spot. And when you’re  
in reverse, available Rear Parking Sonar with 
Reverse Automatic Braking16, 17 (AT only) 
uses sensors on the rear bumper to detect 
obstructions behind the vehicle. If detected, 
the system can alert the driver with warning 
sounds and automatically apply the brakes to 
avoid a collision or reduce collision damage.
No cost maintenance plan and 
Roadside Assistance
Every new GR86 comes with ToyotaCare,20  
a maintenance plan that covers normal  
factory scheduled service for 2 years or 
25,000 miles, whichever comes first, and 
24-hour Roadside Assistance for 2 years, 
unlimited mileage.
LED lighting with Adaptive 
Front-Lighting System
The eye-catching headlights on GR86  
feature LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) 
and an available Adaptive Front-Lighting 
System (AFS).18 At night, the AFS headlights 
turn alongside the front wheels, helping 
you see better around the next corner.
Simulation shown.
Professional driver on a closed course. Do not attempt.
Simulation shown.
Visual effects depicting a professional driver on a 
closed course with stability control off. Do not attempt.
Page 10
*4G network dependent. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 MODELS
GR86 Hakone Edition
Adds to or replaces features offered on GR86 Premium
Mechanical/Performance
  FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated, horizontally opposed  
4-cylinder boxer-four
  228 hp1 @ 7000 rpm; 184 lb.-ft. of torque @ 3700 rpm
 Short-throw 6-speed close-ratio Manual Transmission
  6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission  
(ECT) with paddle shifters
 Torsen® 6 limited-slip differential
  MacPherson strut front suspension and multi-link  
rear suspension with SACHS® 27 dampers
  Brembo®28 4-piston front disc brakes with 12.8-in. 
ventilated rotors; Brembo® 28 2-piston rear 
disc brakes with 12.4-in. solid rotors
Exterior Features
 18-in. matte-bronze-painted alloy wheels with  
 gloss-black lug nuts
 Rear Hakone Edition badging
 Limited Ridge Green color 
Interior Features
  GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, eight speakers,  
Apple CarPlay® 8 & Android Auto™ 9 compatibility, 
SiriusXM®  3-month trial subscription. 21  See 
toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.
  Connected Services22 with Safety Connect®  
with 1-year trial23,*  
 Leather-trimmed gearshift boot with tan contrast stitching
 Tan leather-trimmed Hakone Edition owner's folio  
 and key glove
 GR leather-trimmed manual tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport  
 steering wheel with tan contrast stitching, audio,  
 Multi-Information Display (MID), Adaptive Cruise  
 Control 12 button, and paddle shifters  
 (Automatic Transmission)
 Leather-trimmed 6-MT Hakone Edition shift 
 lever and knob with matte-bronze stripe
 Leather-trimmed 6-AT Hakone Edition shift 
 lever and knob with matte-bronze stripe
 Hand-lever parking brake with leather-trimmed handle  
 cover and tan contrast stitching
 Two-stage heated sport seats with tan leather-trimmed  
 bolsters, Ultrasuede®-trimmed 2 inserts, tan seat stripe   
 and contrast stitching; 6-way adjustable driver's seat  
 with seatback pocket; 4-way adjustable front passenger  
 seat with seatback pocket
 Cast-black interior ornamentation
 Hakone Edition limited-production  
 commemorative plaque
 Driver and passenger Hakone Edition puddle lights
 GR leather-trimmed manual tilt/telescopic  
 3-spoke sport steering wheel with tan contrast  
 stitching, audio, and Multi-Information    
 Display (MID) (Manual Transmission)
 Tan contrast-stitched armrests
 Hakone Edition floor mats 29 and trunk mat with tan stitching
GR86
Mechanical/Performance
  FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated, horizontally opposed  
4-cylinder boxer-four
  228 hp1 @ 7000 rpm; 184 lb.-ft. of torque @ 3700 rpm
  Short-throw 6-speed close-ratio Manual Transmission 
or 6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic 
Transmission (ECT) with paddle shifters
 Torsen® 6 limited-slip differential
  GR circuit-tuned coil springs, shock absorbers,  
iron front knuckles, and rear suspension-member- 
mounted stabilizer bar
Exterior Features
  17-in. machined-finish alloy wheels
  Auto-leveling dual LED headlights and turn signal 
indicators, Daytime Running Lights (DRL) and LED  
rear combination lights with rear decklid-mounted  
LED stop light and backup light
 Black heated power outside mirrors
 Dual chrome-tipped exhaust
  Black functional matrix front grille with G-mesh  
insert, GR badge and functional air inlet ducts  
with black accent trim
 Color-keyed roof with double bubble feature
 Functional black front-wheel-arch air outlet vent 
Interior Features
  Sport front bucket seats with black side bolsters and seat 
insert fabric with G-embossed design; 6-way adjustable 
driver's seat; 4-way adjustable front passenger seat
 GR digital gauge cluster with Normal/Sport/Track Modes
  Dual zone automatic climate control
  Multi-function in-key remote keyless entry system  
with lock, unlock and panic functions; trunk-
release functions; and GR Push Button Start
  Leather-wrapped parking brake handle cover with  
contrast stitching
 Leather gearshift boot with silver contrast stitching
  GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic steering wheel with  
contrast stitching and audio controls
Safety and Convenience Features  
  GR86 Active Safety Suite 10 — includes  
Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS), 11 Pre-Collision  
Throttle Management, Adaptive Cruise Control (AT only) 12  
with Lead Vehicle Start Alert, Lane Departure Warning  
with Sway Warning, 13 and Automatic High Beams 14 
  Rear Parking Sonar  with Reverse Automatic Braking 16, 17  
(Automatic Transmission only) 
Audio Multimedia 
  GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, six speakers  
including amplifier, Apple CarPlay® 8 & Android Auto™ 9  
compatibility, SiriusXM®  3-month trial subscription. 21 
See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details. 
  Connected Services22 with Safety Connect®  
with 1-year trial23,* 
 Service Connect with 1-year trial 24,*
 Remote Connect with 1-year trial 25,* 
GR86 Premium
Adds to or replaces features offered on GR86
Mechanical/Performance
  FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated, horizontally opposed  
4-cylinder boxer-four
  228 hp1 @ 7000 rpm; 184 lb.-ft. of torque @ 3700 rpm
  Short-throw 6-speed close-ratio Manual Transmission 
or 6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic 
Transmission (ECT) with paddle shifters
 Torsen® 6 limited-slip differential
  GR circuit-tuned coil springs, shock absorbers,  
iron front knuckles, and rear suspension-member- 
mounted stabilizer bar
Exterior Features
  18-in. matte-black-painted alloy wheels with  
Michelin® 3 Pilot® Sport 4 tires 4
 Color-keyed duckbill rear spoiler
 Adaptive Front-Lighting System (AFS) 18
Interior Features
  Two-stage heated sport seats with leather-trimmed 
bolsters and Ultrasuede®-trimmed 2 inserts; 6-way 
adjustable driver’s seat with seatback pocket; 4-way 
adjustable front passenger seat with seatback pocket
 Aluminum sport pedals and footrest
Safety and Convenience Features  
  GR86 Active Safety Suite 10 — includes  
Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS), 11 Pre-Collision  
Throttle Management, Adaptive Cruise Control 12 (AT only)  
with Lead Vehicle Start Alert, Lane Departure Warning  
with Sway Warning, 13 and Automatic High Beams 14 
  Rear Parking Sonar  with Reverse Automatic Braking 16, 17  
(AT only) 
 Blind Spot Detection (BSD) 15  with Rear Cross-Traffic  
 Alert (RCTA) 26
Audio Multimedia
  GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, eight speakers  
including amplifier, Apple CarPlay® 8 & Android Auto™ 9  
compatibility, SiriusXM®  3-month trial subscription. 21 
See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details. 
  Connected Services22 with Safety Connect®  
with 1-year trial23,* 
 Service Connect with 1-year trial 24,*
 Remote Connect with 1-year trial 25,* 

Page 11
GR86 WHEELS
GR86 COLORS & TRIMS*
Raven
Track bRED30
Pavement
Steel
Halo30
Trueno Blue 
Ridge Green
Black fabric
Black Ultrasuede®2 with  
leather trim
17-in. machined-finish  
alloy wheel for GR86
18-in. matte-black GR forged 
alloy wheel for GR86 Premium
*Not all colors and trims available on all model grades. See dealer for details. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section. 
Black Ultrasuede®2 with Tan 
leather trim
18-in. matte-bronze-painted alloy 
wheel for GR86 Hakone Edition

Page 12
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 ACCESSORIES
A wide range of Toyota accessories is available to help make driving your GR86 even more fun.  
Now your GR86 can reflect your personal style. There’s something for everyone. Some accessories may 
not be available in all regions of the country. For a complete list of accessories, go to toyota.com/gr86.
Cargo net
Emergency assistance kit
GR air intake system
Paint protection kit32
17-in. GR forged alloy wheels — bronze-colored 10-in. powered subwoofer
First aid kit with PPE
GR performance dual exhaust — chrome
Door edge guards
GR air filter
Frameless HomeLink®31 mirror
Mudguards
Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle 
boasting. We back it up with these Limited Warranty Coverages:
Basic: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear and  
maintenance items). 
Powertrain: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, drive system,  
seatbelts and airbags). 
Rust-Through: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation of sheet metal). 
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable 
Warranty and Maintenance Guide for details. 
Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle 
purchase, the Toyota Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles 
from the vehicle’s in-service date, which is the same coverage as the Toyota New Vehicle 
Limited Warranty.
For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage 
is 12 months, regardless of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the 
vehicle, or the remainder of any applicable new vehicle warranty, whichever provides 
greater coverage.
Third-party accessories are not designed, manufactured or evaluated by Toyota. The 
accessories and any damage to other components or altered performance of the vehicle 
that may be caused by the accessories are not covered by your vehicle’s warranty, and 
Toyota disclaims all liability therefor. See third-party warranty website for information  
on the applicable third-party accessory.
You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be  
kept overnight for repairs covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota 
dealership for further details.
For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to the 
applicable Warranty and Maintenance Guide or see your Toyota dealer.
WARRANTIES

Page 13
GR86 FEATURES 33 S = Standard O = Optional
Exterior
17-in. machine-finished alloy wheels S 
18-in. matte-black-painted alloy wheels with Michelin®3 Pilot® Sport 4 tires4  S
18-in. matte-bronze-painted alloy wheels with Michelin®3 Pilot® Sport 4 tires4   S
Color-keyed duckbill rear spoiler  S S
Auto-leveling projector-type headlights and LED turn signal indicators S 
Auto-leveling projector-type headlights with Adaptive Front-Lighting System (AFS)18 LED  
and turn signal indicators  S S
LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) S S S
LED rear combination lights (brake and turn signal indicators) with rear decklid-mounted  
LED stop light and backup light S S S
LED side marker lights S S S
Black heated power outside mirrors S S S
Functional black front-wheel-arch air outlet vent S S S
Black functional matrix front grille with G-mesh insert, GR badge and functional  
air inlet ducts with black accent trim S S S
Black rear bumper lower valance S S S
Color-keyed roof with double bubble feature S S S
Rear window defogger with timer S S S
Dual chrome-tipped exhaust S S S
Color-keyed roof-mounted shark-fin antenna S S S
Rear GR86 badge S S S
Rear Hakone Edition badging   S
Tan leather-trimmed Hakone Edition owner's folio and key glove   S
Cast-black interior ornamentation   S
Driver and passenger Hakone Edition puddle lights   S
Variable intermittent front windshield wipers S S S
Interior
Rearview mirror with manual dim S S S
Dual zone automatic climate control (with individual temperature settings for  
the driver and front passenger) with dual LCD toggle displays S S S
Power windows with driver and front passenger auto up/down S S S
Multi-function in-key remote keyless entry system with lock, unlock and panic functions;  
trunk-release functions; and GR Push Button Start S S S
GR engine start/stop button S S S
7-in. Thin-Film Transistor (TFT) GR digital gauge cluster with LCD Multi-Information  
Display (MID) with Normal, Sport and Track Modes S S S
GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport steering wheel with contrast stitching;  
audio and Multi-Information Display (MID) controls (Manual Transmission)  S S
GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport steering wheel with contrast stitching;  
audio, Multi-Information Display (MID), GR86 Active Safety Suite10 controls and  
paddle shifters (Automatic Transmission)  S S
GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport steering wheel with tan contrast  
stitching; audio, GR86 Active Safety Suite10 controls and Multi-Information Display (MID)  
controls (Manual Transmission)   S
GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport steering wheel with tan contrast  
stitching; audio, Multi-Information Display (MID), GR86 Active Safety Suite10 controls  
and paddle shifters (Automatic Transmission)   S
Tan contrast-stitched armrests   S
GR86 Hakone Edition limited-production commemorative plaque   S
Hakone Edition floor mats29 and trunk mat with tan stitching   S
Hand-lever parking brake with leather-wrapped handle cover and silver contrast stitching S S
Hand-lever parking brake with leather-wrapped handle cover and tan contrast stitching   S
Leather-trimmed gearshift boot with silver contrast stitching S S
Leather-trimmed gearshift boot with tan contrast stitching   S
Leather-trimmed 6-AT shift lever and knob (Automatic Transmission)  S S
Leather-trimmed 6-MT shift lever and knob (Manual Transmission) S S
Leather-trimmed 6-AT Hakone Edition shift lever and knob with matte-bronze stripe  
(Automatic Transmission)   S
Leather-trimmed 6-MT Hakone Edition shift lever and knob with matte-bronze stripe  
(Manual Transmission)   S
Aluminum sport pedals and footrest  S S
Sport front bucket seats with black side bolsters and seat insert fabric with G-embossed design;  
3-way adjustable driver's seat; 2-way adjustable front passenger seat S 
Two-stage heated sport seats with leather-trimmed bolsters and Ultrasuede®-trimmed2 inserts; 3-way  
adjustable driver’s seat with seatback pocket; 2-way adjustable front passenger seat with seatback pocket  S
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
  GR86  GR86
 GR86 Premium Hakone Edition
Page 14
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 FEATURES 33 S = Standard O = Optional
Interior (continued)
Two-stage heated sport seats with tan leather-trimmed bolsters and Ultrasuede®-trimmed2 inserts,  
and contrast stitching; 6-way adjustable driver’s seat with seatback pocket; 4-way adjustable front  
passenger seat with seatback pocket   S
One-piece folding rear seatback with fabric trim S 
One-piece folding rear seatback with Ultrasuede®2 trim  S S
Dual sun visors with vanity mirrors S 
Dual sun visors with illuminated vanity mirrors  S S
Fixed center console with covered storage compartment with two front cup holders and two  
USB 2.0 charging ports34 with auxiliary port (Manual Transmission)  S S S
Fixed center console with one open cup holder, covered storage compartment with two front 
cup holders and two USB 2.0 charging ports34 with auxiliary port (Automatic Transmission) S S S
GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, six speakers, Android Auto™ 9 & Apple CarPlay®8  
compatibility, SiriusXM® 3-month trial.21 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.   S 
GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, eight speakers, Android Auto™ 9 & Apple CarPlay®8  
compatibility, SiriusXM® 3-month trial.21 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.  S S
Connected Services22 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial, 23 Service Connect with 1-year trial,24  
Remote Connect with 1-year trial;25 4G network dependent. See toyota.com/connected-services for details. S S S
Two USB 2.0 charging ports34 with auxiliary port S S S
Safety and Convenience
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC),5 Traction Control (TRAC), Anti-lock Brake System (ABS),  
Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD) and Brake Assist (BA)35  S S S
GR86 Active Safety Suite10 — includes Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS), 11 Pre-Collision  
Throttle Management, Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC)12 (AT only) with Lead Vehicle Start Alert,  
Lane Departure Warning with Sway Warning,13 and Automatic High Beams14  S S S
Blind Spot Detection (BSD)15 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA)26   S S
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC)5 Track Mode S S S
Backup camera36 with projected path S S S
Hill Start Assist Control (HAC)37 S S S
Seven airbags19 — includes driver and front passenger Advanced Airbag System, driver and  
front passenger outboard seat-mounted side airbags, front and rear side curtain airbags,  
and driver's knee airbag S S S
Driver and front passenger headrests S S S
Three-point seatbelts for all seating positions; driver-side Emergency Locking Retractor (ELR)  
and Automatic/Emergency Locking Retractor (ALR/ELR) on all passenger belts S S S
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) includes lower anchors on outboard  
rear seats and tether anchors on all rear seats S S S
Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS)38  S S S
Anti-theft system with alarm and engine immobilizer39 S S S
ToyotaCare20 featuring a maintenance plan with 24-hour Roadside Assistance S S S
 
  GR86  GR86
 GR86 Premium Hakone Edition
Page 15
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 SPECIFICATIONS S = Standard O = Optional A = Available
Mechanical/Performance
ENGINE
Displacement (cc) 2387 2387 2387
FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated, horizontally opposed 4-cylinder boxer-four engine S S S
Horsepower1 (hp @ rpm) 228 @ 7000 228 @ 7000 228 @ 7000
Torque (lb.-ft. @ rpm) 184 @ 3700 184 @ 3700 184 @ 3700
Ignition system — transistorized S S S
Bore x stroke (mm.) 94.0 X 86.0 94.0 X 86.0 94.0 X 86.0
Valvetrain DOHC 16-valve DOHC 16-valve DOHC 16-valve
Compression ratio 12.5:1 12.5:1 12.5:1
Fuel octane rating1 93 or more 93 or more 93 or more
Maximum speed40 (mph) (Manual Transmission) 140 140 140
Maximum speed40 (mph) (Automatic Transmission) 134 134 134
0-60 mph (seconds)40 (Manual Transmission) 6.1 6.1 6.1
0-60 mph (seconds)40 (Automatic Transmission) 6.6 6.6 6.6
TRANSMISSION
6-speed Manual Transmission (transmission model code: TL70) S S S
6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission (ECT) with paddle shifters  
(transmission model code: TX6A) A A A
GEAR RATIO
Type: 6-speed Manual 
  1st gear: 3.626, 2nd gear: 2.189, 3rd gear: 1.541, 4th gear: 1.213,  
  5th gear: 1.000, 6th gear: 0.767, reverse: 3.438 S S S
Type: 6-speed Automatic 
  1st gear: 3.538, 2nd gear: 2.060, 3rd gear: 1.404, 4th gear: 1.000,  
  5th gear: 0.713, 6th gear: 0.582, reverse: 3.168 S S S
FUEL-INJECTION SYSTEM
Toyota D-4S direct-injection fuel system S S S
DRIVETRAIN
Front-engine, Rear-Wheel Drive (RWD) S S S
Torsen®6 limited-slip differential (LSD) S S S
AXLE RATIO 
4.100 — Manual Transmission S S S
3.909 — Automatic Transmission S S S
BODY CONSTRUCTION
Reinforced unibody construction with lightweight, low-center-of-gravity design S S S
Coefficient of drag (Cd) 0.276 0.276 0.276
SUSPENSION
GR circuit-tuned coil springs, shock absorbers, iron front knuckles, and rear  
suspension-member-mounted stabilizer bar S S S 
MacPherson strut front suspension and multi-link rear suspension S S 
MacPherson strut front suspension and multi-link rear suspension with SACHS®27 dampers O O S
Stabilizer bar diameter, front/rear (mm.) 18/15 18/15 18/15
  GR86  GR86
 GR86 Premium Hakone Edition
Page 16
GR86 SPECIFICATIONS S = Standard O = Optional A = Available N/A = Not Available
STEERING
GR circuit-tuned Electric Power Steering (EPS); power-assisted rack-and-pinion S S S
Steering wheel turns (lock-to-lock) 2.5 2.5 2.5
Turning circle diameter (ft.)  35.4 35.4 35.4
BRAKES
Center hand brake S S S
2-piston steel floating-caliper front disc brakes with 11.6-in. (294-mm.) ventilated rotors;  
1-piston steel floating-caliper rear disc brakes with 11.4-in. (290-mm.) solid rotors  S S 
Brembo®28 4-piston front disc brakes with 12.8-in. (325-mm.) ventilated rotors;  
Brembo®28 2-piston rear disc brakes with 12.4-in. (315-mm.) solid rotors O O S
Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) S S S
Dimensions
EXTERIOR  
Length (mm.) 4265 4265 4265
Width (mm.) 1775 1775 1775
Height (mm.) 1310 1310 1310
Running ground clearance (mm.) 130 130 130
Wheelbase (mm.) 2575 2575 2575
Track (front/rear) (mm.) 1520/1550 1520/1550 1520/1550
Wheel size 17 x 7 1/2 J  18 x 7 1/2 J 18 x 7 1/2 J
Weights and Capacities
Curb weight (lb.) 
  Manual Transmission 2811 2833 N/A 
  Automatic Transmission 2851 2868 N/A
Seating capacity 4 4 4
Cargo volume (trunk) (cu. ft.)41  6.26 6.26 6.26
Fuel capacity (gal.) 13.2 13.2 13.2
Tires
Type Michelin® 3 Primacy HP Performance Michelin®3 Performance Michelin®3  
  summer tires4 Pilot®  Sport 4 summer tires4 Pilot® Sport 4 summer tires4 
  (215/45R17) (215/40R18) (215/40R18)
Spare Tire repair kit Tire repair kit Tire repair kit
Mileage Estimates (mpg city/highway/combined)42
Manual Transmission 20/26/22 20/26/22 20/26/22
Automatic Transmission 21/30/24 21/30/24 21/30/24
  GR86  GR86
 GR86 Premium Hakone Edition
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 17
DISCLOSURES
1. Ratings achieved using the required premium unleaded gasoline with an octane rating of 93 or higher. If premium fuel is not used, performance will decrease. If unleaded gasoline 
with an octane rating of 93 (98 RON) is not available, unleaded gasoline with an octane rating of 91 (95 RON) may be used with no detriment to engine durability or drivability.  
2. Ultrasuede® is a registered trademark of Toray Industries, Inc. 3. Michelin is a registered trademark of Michelin North America, Inc. 4. Performance tire life may be substantially less 
than mileage expectancy, depending on driving conditions. 5. Vehicle Stability Control is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. Factors including speed, road conditions, 
weather and steering input can affect whether VSC will be effective. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 6. Torsen® is a registered trademark of Zexel Torsen, Inc. 7. Alcantara® is a 
registered trademark of Alcantara S.p.A. 8. Requires compatible iPhone® with an active data plan tethered with an approved data cable. Operability depends on network availability, a 
cellular connection, and GPS signal. Services vary by vehicle and are subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. To learn more, go to https://www.toyota.
com/audio-multimedia/. To learn more about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing, and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-
notice/. Apple CarPlay® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. 9. Compatible Android phone and compatible active data plan required. Phone must be tethered with an approved data 
cable. Operability depends on network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. Services vary by vehicle and are subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges 
may apply. To learn more, go to https://www.toyota.com/audio-multimedia/. To learn more about Toyota’s Connected Services data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, 
please visit https://www.toyota.com/support/privacy-notice/. Android and Android Auto are trademarks of Google LLC. 10. GR86 Active Safety Suite effectiveness is dependent on many 
factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. Drivers are responsible for their own safe driving. Always pay attention to your surroundings and drive safely. See Owner’s Manual 
for limitations. 11. The Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS) is designed to help avoid or reduce the crash speed and damage in certain frontal collisions only. PCBS is not a substitute for 
safe and attentive driving. System effectiveness depends on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. 12. Adaptive Cruise Control is designed to assist the driver and 
is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. Please see your Owner’s Manual for important instructions and cautions. 13. Lane Departure Alert with Sway Warning System 
is designed to read visible lane markers under certain conditions and provide visual/audible alerts when lane departure is detected or when detecting patterns of vehicle movements 
indicating driver inattentiveness. It is not a collision-avoidance system or substitute for safe and attentive driving. Effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather 
and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 14. Automatic High Beams operate at speeds above 21 mph. See Owner’s Manual for instructions and limitations. 15. Do not 
rely exclusively on Blind Spot Monitor. Look over shoulder and use turn signal. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 16. Rear parking assist sonar is designed to warn drivers of potential 
rear collisions at speeds of 6 mph or less. Certain vehicle and environmental factors, including an object’s shape and composition, may affect the ability of the rear parking assist sonar 
to detect it. Always look around outside the vehicle and use mirrors to confirm clearance. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 17. Available on Automatic 
Transmission models only. 18. The Adaptive Front-Lighting System helps improve night vision. Situations such as a dirty windshield, rapidly changing light conditions or hilly terrain may 
limit effectiveness, requiring the driver to manually turn off the system. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 19. Airbag systems supplement the seatbelts and are 
designed to inflate only under certain conditions and in certain types of severe collisions. Always wear seatbelt, sit upright in middle and as far back in seat as possible to help decrease 
risk of injury. Do not put objects in front of an airbag. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 20. ToyotaCare covers normal factory scheduled maintenance for 2 years or 25,000 miles, 
whichever comes first, and 24/7 Roadside Assistance is for 2 years/unlimited mileage (note: ToyotaCare for Mirai is 3 years/35,000 miles and Roadside Assistance for Mirai, bZ4X, Prius, 
and Prius Prime is 3 years/unlimited mileage). Roadside Assistance does not include parts and fluids, except limited emergency gas delivery. Towing distance up to 25 miles. Restrictions 
apply. Available in the continental U.S. and Canada. See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions. 21. Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial subscription period unless 
you decide to continue service. Trial is non-transferable. If you do not wish to enjoy your trial, you can cancel by calling the number below. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, 
each sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service subject to the SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy, visit siriusxm.com for complete terms and how to cancel 
which includes online methods or calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services and features are subject to device capabilities and location availability. Satellite service not available in AK & 
HI. Content varies by SiriusXM subscription plan. All fees, content and features are subject to change. SiriusXM and related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective 
subsidiaries. 22. Toyota Connected Services depend on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order to operate, including cellular network availability, a cellular connection, and 
GPS signal. Without any one or more of these things, operability may be limited or precluded, including access to the response center and emergency support. Services vary by vehicle 
and are subject to change at any time without notice. Services require account registration through Toyota app and acceptance of Connected Services Terms of Use at https://www.toyota.
com/privacyvts/images/doc/Toyota-Connected Services Terms of Use.pdf and Master Data Consent. Data charges may apply. For Toyota Connected Services’ vehicle-generated data 
collection, use, sharing, and retention practices and agreements, see https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts. All trials begin on the purchase or lease date of new vehicle, with the exception 
of Wi-Fi for which trial begins at time of activation. Paid subscription required after trial. 23. Safety Connect® depends on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order to operate, 
including cellular network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. Without any one or more of these things, operability may be limited or precluded, including access to 
response center and emergency support. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. Automatic Collision Notification activates only in limited circumstances. 
Services may vary and are subject to change without notice. Services require account registration through Toyota app and acceptance of Connected Services Terms of Use at  https://
www.toyota.com/privacyvts/images/doc/Toyota-Connected Services Terms of Use.pdf  and Master Data Consent. Data charges may apply. For Toyota Connected Services’ vehicle-
generated data collection, use, sharing, and retention practices and agreements, see https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts. 24. Information provided is based on the last time data was 
collected from the vehicle and is not real-time data. Service Connect depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, including a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of 
a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may be limited or precluded. Services may vary and are subject to change without notice. Services 
require account registration through Toyota app and acceptance of Connected Services Terms of Use at  https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/images/doc/Toyota-Connected Services 
Terms of Use.pdf  and Master Data Consent. Data charges may apply. For Toyota Connected Services’ vehicle-generated data collection, use, sharing, and retention practices and 
agreements, see https://www.toyota.com/. The Service Connect trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Service Connect 
renewal will be included when Safety Connect®, Remote Connect, or Destination Assist connected service renewal is selected. Service Connect is not renewable as a stand-alone service. 
Toyota vehicle applicability and trial periods can be found by visiting: https://www.toyota.com/connected-services/section/connected-vehicles-year-select 25. Remote start/stop and/
or lock/unlock and other features of Remote Connect are only available on select models. Use only if aware of circumstances surrounding vehicle and it is legal safe to do so (e.g., do 
not remotely start a gas engine vehicle in an enclosed space or if vehicle is occupied by a child. Remote Connect depends on certain factors outside of Toyota’s control in order to operate, 
including cellular network availability, a cellular connection and GPS signal. Without any one or more of these things, operability may be limited or precluded. Remote start/stop and/
or lock/unlock available on select models. Services may vary and are subject to change without notice. Services require account registration through Toyota app and acceptance of 
Connected Services Terms of Use at  https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/images/doc/Toyota-Connected Services Terms of Use.pdf  and Master Data Consent. Data charges may apply. 
For Toyota Connected Services’ vehicle-generated data collection, use, sharing, and retention practices and agreements, see https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts. Trial period begins on 
original purchase or lease date of new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial (if applicable). Terms of Use apply. 26. Do not rely exclusively on the Rear Cross-Traffic Alert. Visually 
confirm clearance during use. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 27. SACHS® is a registered trademark of ZF Friedrichshafen AG. 28. High-friction brakes may require more maintenance, 
be louder and have a shorter life than conventional brakes, depending on driving conditions. See the Warranty and Services Guide for more information. Brembo® is a registered 
trademark of Freni Brembo SpA. 29. This floor mat/floor liner was designed specifically for use in your model and model year vehicle and SHOULD NOT be used in any other vehicle. To 
avoid potential interference with pedal operation, each mat/liner must be secured with its fasteners. Do not install a floor mat/floor liner on top of an existing floor mat/floor liner.  
30. Extra-cost color. 31. HomeLink® and the HomeLink® house icon are registered trademarks of Gentex Corporation. 32. Genuine Toyota Paint Protection Film by 3M™ is designed for 
specific sections of the vehicle most prone to chipping and may vary depending on vehicle model. Select applications may require an additional charge. Toyota Genuine Accessory 
Warranty only applies when installation is performed by a trained Toyota-approved installer. See Toyota dealer for details. 33. Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest 
and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. 
See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check 
for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order. Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being 
viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print). 34. May not be compatible with all mobile phones, smart devices, tablets, e-readers, MP3/WMA players and like models. 35. Brake Assist 
is designed to help the driver take advantage of ABS and is not a substitute for safe driving practices. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper vehicle maintenance, tire and road 
conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 36. The backup camera does not provide a comprehensive view. Always look over shoulder and use outside mirrors. 
See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 37. Hill Start Assist Control is designed to minimize backward rolling on steep ascents. Not a substitute for safe driving judgment and practices. Speed, 
grade, surface conditions, driver input, etc., can all affect HAC function. See Owner’s Manual. 38. The Tire Pressure Monitor System alerts the driver when tire pressure is critically low. 
For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. See Owner’s Manual for limitations and details. 
39. The engine immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti-theft system initiated when the key is inserted into ignition switch or a Smart Key fob is in/near the vehicle. Engine will only start if 
the code in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in vehicle’s immobilizer. The transponder chip is embedded in the key/fob and can be costly to replace. For lost 
key or fob, see a Toyota dealer or go to www.aloa.org to find a qualified locksmith for high-security key service. 40. Performance figures are for comparison only and were obtained with 
prototype vehicles by professional drivers. 41. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. Always properly secure cargo and cargo area. 42. EPA-estimated 21 city/30 
hwy/24 combined mpg for 2025 GR86, GR86 Premium and GR86 Hakone Edition with Automatic Transmission; EPA-estimated 20 city/26 hwy/22 combined mpg for 2025 GR86, GR86 
Premium and GR86 Hakone Edition with 6-speed Manual Transmission. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle’s condition 
and how/where you drive. See www.fueleconomy.gov. 
Page 18
DISCLOSURES
Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available 
separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer  
a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order.
Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print).
Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. For details on vehicle specifications, standard features and available equipment in your 
area, contact your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota dealer to help locate a specifically equipped vehicle. 
All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only.  
Vehicles shown may be prototypes, shown using visual effects and/or shown with options. Actual models may vary. 
For Toyota Mobility program details,  
go to www.toyota.com/mobility or  
call the Toyota Brand Engagement  
Center at 1-800-331-4331
