Page 1
2022
Page 2
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Fun, meet finesse.
The all-new 2022 Toyota GR86 has earned its “Gazoo Racing” badge and is ready to go. Engineered  
with the input of track-proven drivers, the soul of the AE86 continues to live on as a modern-day  
sports car. Whether you’re rowing through the 6-speed manual transmission or triggering the paddle  
shifters, the thrill of driving is at your fingertips. 
GR86 Premium shown in Halo.1
GR86 Premium shown in Halo.1GR86 Premium shown in Track bRED.1

Page 3
Motorsports DNA
Toyota Gazoo Racing started with our unrelenting passion for  
motorsports, and led to high-performance road cars with the  
DNA of motorsports. With heavy involvement from professional  
drivers and a track-proven formula for optimal engineering,  
the GR series was designed to leave a lasting impression.
Track-tested
Fine-tuned by track-proven and master drivers like Morizo,  
Akio Toyoda's alter ego, every vehicle that’s earned the GR  
badge has been thoroughly pushed, honed and perfected  
through extensive testing on the racetracks.
Born on the track. 
Bred for the 
streets.
Passion fuels innovation, and it’s our passion for  
motorsports that fuels Toyota Gazoo Racing (TGR), 
Toyota’s global racing division. Racing gives us the  
opportunity to challenge ourselves — to push the  
limits and create better cars. Collectively, we grow  
through every turn of the wrench and every turn of  
the wheel. This dedication led us to develop GR86,  
making racing-inspired sports cars accessible to  
the everyday driver and bringing the excitement  
of motorsports to the streets.
Racing vehicles not for sale.
Racing vehicle not for sale.
Vehicle modified for off-road racing. Professional  
driver. Do not attempt. Racing vehicle not for sale. 
Page 4
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 Premium shown in both Halo1 and Track bRED.1
PERFORMANCE
Reach peak fun.
A sports car in the purest sense, GR86’s 2.4L 
horizontally opposed 4-cylinder boxer engine  
keeps the heart racing, with almost 20% more  
engine displacement than its predecessor. With  
its close-ratio 6-speed manual transmission or  
6-speed auto with Dynamic Rev Management,  
you’re in control.
6-speed manual or automatic transmission
Choose your thrill. Whether rowing through the gears  
of a 6-speed close-ratio manual with a short-throw  
shifter or triggering the paddle shifters of the 6-speed 
auto with Dynamic Rev Management, GR86 will always  
be ready for your next move. 
2.4L 4-cylinder boxer engine
A 2.4L flat-four boxer engine that pumps out 
228 horsepower is impressive enough, but 
because it sits low in the chassis, the center of 
gravity is optimized to carve those corners.
Track Mode
Turn on the new Track Mode to change the tach’s  
display and bring important info like rpm and gear  
into focus. Vehicle Stability Control (VSC)2 is also  
dialed back to help you reach the limits of grip, while 
Full-Off Mode prevents the VSC from kicking in,  
putting you in full control. 
Reengineered torque curve
Born to take on the track, GR86’s optimized torque  
curve keeps G-force on tap as you accelerate. This  
provides more usable power in the lower rpm range  
as you reach 184 lb.-ft. of peak torque and is ready  
to plant you in your seat. 
860B TORQUE CURVE
Torque (lb.-ft.)
RPM
115
190
175
160
145
130
Previous Generation
GR86 Torque Curve
4000 5000 6000 7000300020001000
184 lb.-ft. @ 
3700 rpm
156 lb.-ft. @ 
6600 rpm
860B TORQUE CURVE
Torque (lb.-ft.)
RPM
115
190
175
160
145
130
Previous Generation
GR86 Torque Curve
4000 5000 6000 7000300020001000
184 lb.-ft. @ 
3700 rpm
156 lb.-ft. @ 
6600 rpm
Page 5
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
HANDLING
Blow everyone 
away.
GR86 is about the connection between you and the road.  
Its lightweight body and low center of gravity give you  
the agility to handle the twists and turns, while its available 
18-in. matte-black painted alloy wheels with Michelin® 
Pilot® Sport 4 tires3 provide a tighter grip of the road.
Track-tuned suspension and  
limited-slip differential
GR86's multi-link rear suspension and stabilizer bars allow 
smooth wheel travel to help sharpen turns and enhance 
grip over uneven surfaces. During low-traction situations,  
a Torsen®4 limited-slip differential (LSD) helps improve  
low-end acceleration by automatically distributing power  
to the wheel that needs it.
Front fender air vents
The aggressive front fenders with functional air vents  
help channel air around the car for more driving stability  
and turning performance.
GR86 Premium shown in Track bRED.1 Professional driver and depicted  
stability control off while driving on a closed course. Do not attempt.
GR86 Premium shown in Track bRED.1 Professional driver and depicted  
stability control off while driving on a closed course. Do not attempt.
Page 6
DESIGN
Handles sharp. 
Looks sharp.
GR86 returns with a fresh new look, inside and out. The sleek  
LED lighting on the exterior improves visibility and style,  
while inside, a 3-mode GR digital instrumentation panel,  
redesigned dashboard and center console with silver toggle  
switches highlight GR86’s driver-focused cockpit.
Full redesign
With its refined aerodynamic profile, GR86 returns as  
the perfect example of functional beauty. Its long hood 
and short rear deck highlight racing-inspired proportions 
while underneath, weight was meticulously removed as 
much as possible for near-perfect weight distribution  
and highly responsive driving performance.
Upgraded interior
Leather and Ultrasuede®5 touches and aluminum pedals are  
available to help raise the bar on the quality inside.
GR86 Premium shown in both Halo1 and Track bRED.1
Page 7
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
TECHNOLOGY
Up to speed with the latest tech.
Digital gauge cluster
Get all the vital info you need at a glance. From  
the moment you power it up, GR86’s fully digital  
instrument display welcomes you with a reminder 
of the FA24 boxer engine inside. The configurable 
3-mode gauge cluster display allows you to toggle 
between Normal, Sport or Track Modes, and change 
the way the tachometer animates.
8-in. display screen with Android Auto™ 
and Apple CarPlay® compatibility
Inside, GR86’s 8-in. touchscreen comes standard with  
a suite of Connected Services,19 like Android Auto™ 7  
and Apple CarPlay®8 compatibility, that helps you  
seamlessly stay connected to your world while on the 
go. Get directions, have your messages read aloud 
to you, and text back by voice, all while keeping your 
hands on the wheel.
Available eight speakers
Just like the engineering under the hood, GR86’s 
speaker system is designed to amplify every drive. 
Cleaner, crisper and more dynamic, its available 
eight-speaker sound system delivers enhanced sound  
quality while an available 10-in. powered subwoofer  
is ready to add more bass to your playlist.
GR86 Premium interior shown in Alcantara®6 and Black leather trim. 
Screen depiction accurate at time of posting.
Simulation shown with optional 10-in. powered subwoofer accessory.
Page 8
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
SAFETY
Peace of mind for  
the road ahead.
It’s not just the performance that’s advanced. GR86 is available with the 
latest safety technologies to help keep you safe from start to finish.
GR86 Active Safety Suite
On automatic transmission models, GR86  
comes standard with a number of intelligent  
safety features,9 including a Pre-Collision  
Braking System (PCBS), 34 Pre-Collision 
Throttle Management, Adaptive Cruise  
Control (ACC) with Lead Vehicle Start Alert,  
Lane Departure Warning with Sway Warning,10  
and Automatic High Beams.11
Seven airbags
With safety as a top priority, GR86 comes 
standard with a driver and front passenger 
Advanced Airbag System: 15 front seat-  
mounted side airbags, side curtain airbags, 
and driver’s knee airbags. 
Blind Spot Detection with  
Rear Cross-Traffic Alert
The available Blind Spot Detection (BSD)12 
warns you when a vehicle in the next lane 
enters GR86’s blind spot. And when you’re  
in reverse, RCTA13 helps detect vehicles  
approaching from either side, warning  
you with side mirror indicators and a  
warning tone.
No cost maintenance plan and 
Roadside Assistance
Every new GR86 comes with ToyotaCare,16  
a maintenance plan that covers normal  
factory scheduled service for 2 years or 
25,000 miles, whichever comes first, and 
24-hour Roadside Assistance for 2 years, 
unlimited mileage.
LED lighting with Adaptive 
Front-Lighting System
The eye-catching headlights on GR86  
feature LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) 
and an available Adaptive Front-Lighting 
System (AFS).14 At night, the AFS headlights 
turn alongside the front wheels, helping 
you see better around the next corner.
Simulation shown.
Professional driver on a closed course. Do not attempt.
Page 9
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 MODELS
GR86
Mechanical/Performance
  FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated horizontally opposed  
4-cylinder boxer-four
  228 hp @ 7000 rpm; 184 lb.-ft. of torque @ 3700 rpm
 Short-throw 6-speed close-ratio manual transmission
  6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission  
(ECT) with paddle shifters
 Torsen® 4 limited-slip differential
  GR circuit-tuned coil springs, shock absorbers,  
iron front knuckles, and rear suspension-member- 
mounted stabilizer bar
Exterior Features
  17-in. machined-finish alloy wheels
  Auto-leveling dual-LED headlights and turn signal 
indicators, Daytime Running Lights (DRL) and LED  
rear combination lights with rear decklid-mounted  
LED stop light and backup light
 Black heated power outside mirrors
 Dual chrome-tipped exhaust
  Black functional matrix front grille with G-mesh  
insert, GR badge and functional air inlet ducts  
with black accent trim
 Color-keyed roof with double bubble feature
 Functional black front-wheel arch air outlet vent 
Interior Features
  GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, six speakers, 
Apple CarPlay® 8 & Android Auto™ 7 compatible, SiriusXM® 17 
with 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription 18
  Connected Services 19 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial, 20  
Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial 21
  Available GR86 Active Safety Suite 9 — includes  
Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS), 34 Pre-Collision 
Throttle Management, Adaptive Cruise Control 
(ACC) with Lead Vehicle Start Alert, Lane Departure 
Warning with Sway Warning,10 and Automatic 
High Beams 11 (automatic transmission only)
  Sport front bucket seats with black side bolsters and seat 
insert fabric with G-embossed design; 3-way adjustable 
driver's seat; 2-way adjustable front passenger seat
 GR digital gauge cluster with Normal/Sport/Track Modes
  Dual zone automatic climate control
  Multi-function in-key remote keyless entry system  
with lock, unlock, and panic; trunk-release functions;  
and GR Push Button Start
  Leather-wrapped parking brake handle cover with  
contrast stitching
 Leather gearshift boot with silver contrast stitching
  GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic steering wheel with  
contrast stitching and audio controls
GR86 Premium
Adds to or replaces features offered on GR86
Mechanical/Performance
  FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated horizontally opposed  
4-cylinder boxer-four
  228 hp @ 7000 rpm; 184 lb.-ft. of torque @ 3700 rpm
 Short-throw 6-speed close-ratio manual transmission
  6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission  
(ECT) with paddle shifters
 Torsen® 4 limited-slip differential
  GR circuit-tuned coil springs, shock absorbers,  
iron front knuckles, and rear suspension-member- 
mounted stabilizer bar
Exterior Features
  18-in. matte-black-painted alloy wheels with  
Michelin® Pilot® Sport 4 tires 3
 Color-keyed duckbill rear spoiler
 Adaptive Front-Lighting System (AFS) 14
  Blind Spot Detection (BSD) 12 with Rear Cross-Traffic  
Alert (RCTA) 13 
Interior Features
  GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, eight speakers,  
Apple CarPlay® 8 & Android Auto™ 7 compatible, SiriusXM® 17 
with 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription 18
  Connected Services 19 — Safety Connect® with 1-year trial, 20  
Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial 21
  Two-stage heated sport seats with leather-trimmed 
bolsters and Ultrasuede® 5 inserts; 3-way adjustable 
driver’s seat with seatback pocket; 2-way adjustable 
front passenger seat with seatback pocket
 Aluminum sport pedals and footrest
Page 10
GR86 WHEELS
GR86 COLORS & TRIMS*
Raven
Neptune
Track bRED1
Pavement
Steel
Halo1
Trueno Blue 
Black fabric
Black Ultrasuede®5 with  
leather trim
17-in. machined-finish  
alloy wheel for GR86
18-in. matte-black-painted 
alloy wheel for GR86 Premium3
*Not all colors and trims available on all model grades. See dealer for details. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section. 
Page 11
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 ACCESSORIES
A wide range of Genuine Toyota Accessories is available to help make driving your GR86 even more fun.
Now your GR86 can reflect your personal style. There’s something for everyone. Some accessories may 
not be available in all regions of the country. For a complete list of accessories, go to toyota.com/gr86.
Cargo net22
Emergency assistance kit
Paint protection kit24
17-in. GR forged alloy wheels —  
bronzed colored
Cargo tote22
First aid kit with PPE
Door edge guards
Frameless HomeLink®23 mirror
Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle 
boasting. We back it up with these Limited Warranty Coverages:
Basic: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear and  
maintenance items). 
Powertrain: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, drive system,  
seatbelts and airbags). 
Rust-Through: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation of sheet metal). 
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable 
Warranty and Maintenance Guide for details. 
Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle 
purchase, the Toyota Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles 
from the vehicle’s in-service date, which is the same coverage as the Toyota New Vehicle 
Limited Warranty.
For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage 
is 12 months, regardless of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the 
vehicle, or the remainder of any applicable new vehicle warranty, whichever provides 
greater coverage.
You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be  
kept overnight for repairs covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota 
dealership for further details.
For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to the 
applicable Warranty and Maintenance Guide or see your Toyota dealer.
WARRANTIES
Page 12
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 FEATURES 25 S = Standard O = Optional
Exterior
17-in. machine-finished alloy wheels S 
18-in. matte-black-painted alloy wheels with Michelin® Pilot® Sport 4 tires3  S
Color-keyed duckbill rear spoiler  S
Auto-leveling projector-type headlights and LED turn signal indicators S 
Auto-leveling projector-type headlights with Adaptive Front-Lighting System (AFS)14 LED and turn signal indicators  S
LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) S S
LED rear combination lights (brake and turn signal indicators) with rear decklid-mounted LED stop light and backup light S S
LED side marker lights S S
Black heated power outside mirrors S S
Functional black front-wheel arch air outlet vent S S
Black functional matrix front grille with G-mesh insert, GR badge and functional air inlet ducts with black accent trim S S
Black rear bumper lower valance S S
Color-keyed roof with double bubble feature S S
Rear window defogger with timer S S
Dual chrome-tipped exhaust S S
Color-keyed roof-mounted shark-fin antenna S S
Rear GR86 badge S S
Variable intermittent front windshield wipers S S
Interior
Rearview mirror with manual dim S S
Dual zone automatic climate control (with individual temperature settings for the driver and front passenger)  
with dual LCD toggle displays S S
Power windows with driver and front passenger auto up/down S S
Multi-function in-key remote keyless entry system with lock, unlock, and panic; trunk-release functions; and GR Push Button Start S S
GR engine start/stop button S S
7-in. Thin-Film Transistor (TFT) GR digital gauge cluster with LCD Multi-Information Display (MID) with Normal,  
Sport and Track Modes S S
GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport steering wheel with contrast stitching; audio and  
Multi-Information Display (MID) controls (manual transmission) S S
GR leather-trimmed tilt/telescopic 3-spoke sport steering wheel with contrast stitching; audio,  
Multi-Information Display (MID), GR86 Active Safety Suite9 controls and paddle shifters (automatic transmission) S S
Hand-lever parking brake with leather-wrapped handle cover and silver contrast stitching S S
Leather gearshift boot with silver contrast stitching S S
Leather-wrapped 6-AT shift lever and knob (automatic transmission)  S S
Leather-wrapped 6-MT shift lever and knob (manual transmission) S S
Sport front bucket seats with black side bolsters and seat insert fabric with G-embossed design; 3-way adjustable driver's seat;  
2-way adjustable front passenger seat S 
Two-stage heated sport seats with leather-trimmed bolsters and Ultrasuede®5 inserts; 3-way adjustable driver’s seat with  
seatback pocket; 2-way adjustable front passenger seat with seatback pocket  S
One-piece folding rear seatback with fabric trim S 
One-piece folding rear seatback with Ultrasuede®5 trim  S
Dual sun visors with vanity mirrors S 
Dual sun visors with illuminated vanity mirrors  S
Fixed center console with covered storage compartment with two front cup holders and two USB 2.0 charging ports26  
with auxiliary port (manual transmission)  S S
Fixed center console with one open cup holder, covered storage compartment with two front cup holders and  
two USB 2.0 charging ports26 with auxiliary port (automatic transmission) S S
GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, six speakers, Android Auto™ 7 & Apple CarPlay®8 compatible, SiriusXM®17  
with 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription.18 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.  
Connected Services19 —Safety Connect® with 1-year trial, 20 Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial.21  
See toyota.com/connected-services for details.  S 
GR86 Audio — includes 8-in. touchscreen, eight speakers, Android Auto™ 7 & Apple CarPlay®8 compatible, SiriusXM®17  
with 3-month Platinum Plan trial subscription.18 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details.  
Connected Services19 —Safety Connect® with 1-year trial, 20 Wi-Fi Connect with up to 2 GB within 3-month trial.21  
See toyota.com/connected-services for details.  S
Two USB 2.0 charging ports26 with auxiliary port S S
 GR86 GR86 Premium
Page 13
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 FEATURES
GR86 SPECIFICATIONS
Safety and Convenience
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC),2 Traction Control (TRAC), Anti-lock Brake System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force  
Distribution (EBD), and Brake Assist (BA)27  S S
GR86 Active Safety Suite9 — includes Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS),34 Pre-Collision Throttle Management, Adaptive  
Cruise Control (ACC) with Lead Vehicle Start Alert, Lane Departure Warning with Sway Warning,10 and Automatic High Beams11  S* S*
Blind Spot Detection (BSD)12 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA)13   S
Vehicle Stability Control (VSC)2 Track Mode S S
Backup camera28 with projected path S S
Hill Start Assist Control (HAC)29 S S
Seven airbags15 — includes driver and front passenger Advanced Airbag System, driver and front passenger outboard  
seat-mounted side airbags, front and rear side curtain airbags, and driver's knee airbag S S
Driver and front passenger headrests S S
Three-point seatbelts for all seating positions; driver-side Emergency Locking Retractor (ELR) and Automatic/Emergency  
Locking Retractor (ALR/ELR) on all passenger belts S S
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for Children) includes lower anchors on outboard rear seats and tether anchors  
on all rear seats S S
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)30  S S
Anti-theft system with alarm and engine immobilizer31 S S
ToyotaCare16 featuring a maintenance plan with 24-hour Roadside Assistance S S
S = Standard O = OptionalS = Standard O = Optional
 GR86 GR86 Premium
 GR86 GR86 PremiumMechanical/Performance
ENGINE
Displacement (cc) 2387 2387
FA24 2.4L naturally aspirated horizontally opposed 4-cylinder boxer-four engine S S
Horsepower (hp @ rpm) 228 @ 7000 228 @ 7000
Torque (lb.-ft. @ rpm) 184 @ 3700 184 @ 3700
Ignition system — transistorized S S
Bore x stroke (mm.) 94.0 X 86.0 94.0 X 86.0
Valvetrain DOHC 16-VALVE DOHC 16-VALVE
Compression ratio 12.5 : 1 12.5 : 1
Fuel octane rating32 93 or more 93 or more
Maximum speed (MPH) (manual transmission) 140 140
Maximum speed (MPH) (automatic transmission) 134 134
0-60 mph (seconds) (manual transmission) 6.1 6.1
0-60 mph (seconds) (automatic transmission) 6.6 6.6
TRANSMISSION
6-speed manual transmission (Transmission model code: TL70) S S
6-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission (ECT) with paddle shifters (Transmission model code: TX6A) A A
GEAR RATIO
Type: 6-speed manual 
  1st gear: 3.626, 2nd gear: 2.189, 3rd gear: 1.541, 4th gear: 1.213,  
  5th gear: 1.000, 6th gear: 0.767, reverse: 3.438 S S
Type: 6-speed automatic 
  1st gear: 3.538, 2nd gear: 2.060, 3rd gear: 1.404, 4th gear: 1.000 
  5th gear: 0.713, 6th gear: 0.582, reverse: 3.168 S S
FUEL INJECTION SYSTEM
Toyota D-4S Direct-Injection Fuel System S S
DRIVETRAIN
Front engine, Rear-Wheel Drive (RWD) S S
Torsen®4 limited-slip differential (LSD) S S
AXLE RATIO 
4.100 — manual transmission S S
3.909 — automatic transmission S S
BODY CONSTRUCTION
Reinforced unibody construction with lightweight, low center of gravity design S S
Coefficient of drag (Cd) 0.276 0.276
SUSPENSION
GR circuit-tuned coil springs, shock absorbers, iron front knuckles, and rear suspension-member-mounted stabilizer bar S S
MacPherson strut front suspension and multilink rear suspension S S
Stabilizer bar diameter, front/rear (mm.) 18/15 18/15
*Available on automatic transmission models only. 
Page 14
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
GR86 SPECIFICATIONS S = Standard O = Optional A = Available
 GR86 GR86 PremiumSTEERING
GR circuit-tuned Electric Power Steering (EPS); power-assisted rack-and-pinion S S
Steering wheel turns (lock-to-lock) 2.5 2.5
Turning circle radius (m)  5.4 5.4
BRAKES
Center hand brake S S
2-piston steel floating-caliper front disc brakes with 11.6-in. (294 mm.) ventilated rotors; 1-piston steel floating-caliper  
rear disc brakes with 11.4-in. (290 mm.) solid rotors  S S
Anti-lock Braking System (ABS) S S
Dimensions
EXTERIOR  
Length (mm.) 4265 4265
Width (mm.) 1775 1775
Height (mm.) 1310 1310
Running ground clearance (mm.) 130 130
Wheelbase (mm.) 2575 2575
Track (front/rear) (mm.) 1520/1550 1520/1550
Wheel size 17 x 7 1/2 J  18 x 7 1/2 J
Weights and Capacities
Gross Vehicle Weight Rating GVWR (lb.) 
  manual transmission 3682 3682 
  automatic transmission 3748 3748
Seating capacity 4 4
Cargo volume (trunk) (cu. ft.)22  6.26 6.26
Fuel capacity (gal.) 13.2 13.2
Tires
Type Michelin® Primacy HP Performance Michelin®  
 summer tires Pilot Sport 4 summer tires3 
 (215/45R17) (215/40R18)
Spare Tire repair kit Tire repair kit
Mileage Estimates (mpg city/highway/combined)33
Manual transmission 20/27/22 20/27/22
Automatic transmission 21/31/25 21/31/25
Page 15
DISCLOSURES
1. Extra-cost color. 2. Vehicle Stability Control is an electronic system designed to help the driver maintain vehicle control under adverse conditions. It is not a substitute for safe and 
attentive driving practices. Factors including speed, road conditions, weather and driver steering input can all affect whether VSC will be effective in preventing a loss of control. See 
Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 3. Performance tires are expected to experience greater tire wear than conventional tires. Tire life may be less than 24,000 miles, 
depending upon driving conditions. 4. Torsen® is a registered trademark of Zexel Torsen, Inc. 5. Ultrasuede® is a registered trademark of Toray Industries, Inc. 6. Alcantara® is a registered 
trademark of Alcantara S.p.A. 7. Vehicle user interface is a product of Google and its terms and privacy statement apply. To use Android Auto on your audio display, you’ll need an 
Android Auto compatible vehicle and Android phone. For phone compatibility visit: https://www.android.com/auto/. Requires compatible smartphone connected with an approved data 
cable into the USB media port, and data plan rates apply. Apps and services vary by phone carrier and are subject to change at any time without notice. Android, Android Auto and Waze 
are trademarks of Google. 8. Apps and services are subject to change at any time without notice. Data charges may apply. Apple CarPlay® functionality requires a compatible iPhone® 
connected with an approved data cable into the USB media port. Apple CarPlay® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. 9. GR86 Active Safety Suite effectiveness is dependent on many 
factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. Drivers are responsible for their own safe driving. Always pay attention to your surroundings and drive safely. See Owner’s Manual 
for additional limitations and details. 10. Lane Departure Alert with Sway Warning System is designed to read visible lane markers under certain conditions, and provide visual and 
audible alerts when it detects a pattern of vehicle movement that might indicate driver inattention or drowsiness. It is not a collision-avoidance system or a substitute for safe and 
attentive driving. Effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner's Manual for additional limitations and details. 11. Automatic 
High Beams operate at speeds above 25 mph. Factors such as a dirty windshield, weather, lighting and terrain limit effectiveness, requiring the driver to manually operate the high beams. 
See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 12. Do not rely exclusively on the Blind Spot Detection. Always look over your shoulder and use your turn signal. There are 
limitations to the function, detection and range of the monitor. See Owner's Manual for additional limitations and details. 13. Do not rely exclusively on the Rear Cross-Traffic Alert system. 
Always look over your shoulder and use your mirrors to confirm rear clearance. There are limitations to the function, detection and range of the system. See Owner’s Manual for additional 
limitations and details. 14. The Adaptive Front-Lighting System helps improve night vision. Situations such as a dirty windshield, rapidly changing light conditions or hilly terrain may 
limit effectiveness, requiring the driver to manually turn off the system. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 15. Airbag systems are Supplemental Restraint Systems 
and are designed to inflate only under certain conditions and in certain types of severe collisions. To decrease the risk of injury from an inflating airbag, always wear seatbelts and sit 
upright in the middle of the seat as far back as possible. Do not put objects in front of an airbag or around the seatback. Do not use a rearward-facing child seat in any front passenger 
seat. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 16. ToyotaCare covers normal factory scheduled maintenance for two years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first. Certain 
models require a different maintenance schedule as described in their Maintenance Guide. 24-hour Roadside Assistance is also included for two years, unlimited mileage. Roadside 
Assistance does not include parts and fluids, except emergency fuel delivery. See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions. Valid only in the continental U.S. 17. Trial length and service 
availability may vary by model, model year or trim. Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial subscription period unless you decide to continue service. If you do not wish to 
enjoy your trial, you can cancel by calling the number below. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service subject to the 
SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy; visit www.siriusxm.com to see complete terms and how to cancel which includes calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services and features 
are subject to device capabilities and location availability. All fees, content and features are subject to change. SiriusXM, Pandora and all related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio 
Inc. and its respective subsidiaries. 18. SiriusXM trial length and service availability may vary by model, model year or trim. 19. Connected Services depends on factors outside of Toyota’s 
control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and 
availability may be limited or precluded, including access to response center and emergency support. Service may vary by vehicle and region. Subscription required after trial. Terms of 
Use apply. Data charges may apply. Apps and services subject to change at any time without notice. See toyota.com/connected-services for details. To learn about Toyota's data 
collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. Connected Services 
by Toyota trials are at no extra cost. All trials begin on the original date of purchase or lease of a new vehicle, with the exception of Wi-Fi for which the trial begins at the time of activation. 
Paid subscription required after trial in order to continue accessing the respective services. Terms of Use apply. 20. Safety Connect® depends on factors outside of Toyota’s control, 
including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality and availability may 
be limited or precluded, including access to response center and emergency support. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. Some features may require the 
Toyota app. Registration required. Subscription required after trial. Service subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. Service may vary 
by vehicle and region. See usage precautions and service limitations in Owner’s Manual and at toyota.com/connected-services/ for additional details. To learn about Toyota’s data 
collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. The Safety Connect® trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of 
purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial to access the service. 21. Eligible vehicle and wireless service required. Wi-Fi Connect depends on factors outside 
of Toyota’s control, including an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal, and the availability of a compatible wireless network, without which system functionality 
and availability may be limited or precluded. Wi-Fi Connect coverage and service not available everywhere. Valid in the contiguous U.S. and Alaska. Do not drive distracted. Go to  
att.com/toyota for terms and conditions. Data usage and charges apply. Up to 5 devices can be supported using in-vehicle connectivity. Apps and services subject to change at any time 
without notice. The Wi-Fi Connect trial begins at the time of activation and expires when 2GB of data is used or when the 3-month period ends. Subscription required after trial. Terms 
and conditions apply. 22. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. Always properly secure cargo and cargo area. 23. HomeLink® and the HomeLink® house icon are 
registered trademarks of Gentex Corporation. 24. Genuine Toyota Paint Protection Film by 3M™ is designed for specific sections of the vehicle most prone to chipping and may vary 
depending on vehicle model. Select applications may require an additional charge. Toyota Genuine Accessory Warranty only applies when installation is performed by a trained Toyota-
approved installer. See Toyota dealer for details. 25. Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. 
Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly 
available in your area. If you would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order. 
Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print). 26. May not be 
compatible with all mobile phones, MP3/WMA players and like models. 27. Brake Assist is designed to help the driver take advantage of ABS and is not a substitute for safe driving 
practices. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper vehicle maintenance, tire and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 28. The backup camera 
does not provide a comprehensive view of the rear area of the vehicle and you should also look around the vehicle, using mirrors to confirm rearward clearance. Environmental conditions 
may limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 29. Hill Start Assist Control is designed to help minimize backward 
rolling on steep ascents. It is not a substitute for safe driving judgment and practices. Factors including speed, grade, surface conditions and driver input can all affect whether HAC will 
be effective in preventing a loss of control. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 30. The Tire Pressure Monitor System alerts the driver when tire pressure is critically 
low. For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. See Owner's Manual for additional 
limitations and details. 31. The engine immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti-theft system that is initiated when you insert your key into the ignition switch or bring a Smart Key fob into 
the vehicle. The engine will only start if the code in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in the vehicle’s immobilizer. The transponder chip is embedded in the key/
fob and can be costly to replace. If you lose a key or fob, your Toyota dealer can help or go to www.aloa.org to find a qualified locksmith in your area who can perform high-security key 
service. 32. Ratings achieved using the required premium unleaded gasoline with an octane rating of 93 (AKI) or higher. If premium fuel is not used, performance will decrease.  
If unleaded gasoline with an octane rating of 93 (AKI) is not available, unleaded gasoline with an octane rating of 89 (AKI) may be used. See Owner’s Manual for details. 33. EPA-estimated 
21 city/31 hwy/25 combined mpg rating for 2022 GR86 with automatic transmission; EPA-estimated 20 city/27 hwy/22 combined mpg rating for 2022 GR86 with 6-speed manual 
transmission. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle’s condition and how/where you drive. See www.fueleconomy.gov.   
34. The Pre-Collision Braking System (PCBS) is designed to determine if impact is imminent and help reduce impact speed and damage in certain frontal collisions. PCBS is not a 
substitute for safe and attentive driving. System effectiveness depends on many factors, such as speed, size and position of the vehicle and weather, light and road conditions. See 
Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 
Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available 
separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer  
a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order.
Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print).
Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. For details on vehicle specifications, standard features and available equipment in your 
area, contact your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota dealer to help locate a specifically equipped vehicle. 
All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only.  
Vehicles shown may be prototypes, shown using visual effects and/or shown with options. Actual models may vary. 
For Toyota Mobility program details,  
go to www.toyota.com/mobility or  
call the Toyota Brand Engagement  
Center at 1-800-331-4331
