Granvia
Please Note: information is accurate as at March 2024.
Specification and imagery are indicative and should only be used as a guide. Vehicle and 
accessory specification, features, colour and trim may differ at the time of vehicle delivery.
This spread and front cover:  
Granvia VX 8-seater model shown
17" alloy wheels
Arrive in style
Quilted leathed accented seat trim on Ottoman Captain’s Chairs – Granvia VX 8-seater model shown 
Quilted leathed accented seat trim on Ottoman Captain’s Chairs  
– Granvia VX 8-seater model shown 
TRIM GUIDE
Grade  
Interior Seat Trim
Crystal Pearl13
Silver Pearl13
Graphite13
Ebony
Granvia
Black fabric seat  
and Black interior 
(FC21)
• • • •
Granvia VX
Black quilted 
leather accented seat 
and Black interior 
(LA21)
• • • •
Granvia VX
Neutral Beige quilted  
leather accented seat 
and Black interior  
(LA22)
• • • •
• 2.8L turbo diesel engine 
• 6-speed automatic transmission with sequential shift 
• 6 seats
• Power driver’s lumbar support
• Rear Captain’s Chairs – 2nd and 3rd row
• 17" alloy wheels – with full size spare
• Manual dual sliding doors with easy close
• Toyota Safety Sense1 – including Pre-Collision Safety 
system with pedestrian and daytime cyclist detection,  
Lane Departure Alert, Automatic High Beam, Active  
Cruise Control (high speed) and Road Sign Assist1  
(speed signs only) 
• Reversing camera with Back Guide Monitor
• Front and rear parking sensors 
• Blind Spot Monitor and Rear Cross Traffic Alert
• Toyota Connected Services2 with 1 year complimentary 
access – including myToyota Connect3 app access, 
Stolen Vehicle Tracking,4 Automatic Collision 
Notification5 and SOS Emergency Call6
• 8" colour touchscreen display
• Wireless Apple CarPlay®7,8 and Android Auto™ ,7,9
• AM/FM/digital radio/Bluetooth®10,11 connectivity
• Front and rear air conditioning with rear vents
• 9 SRS airbags
• Auto-levelling LED headlamps and LED Daytime 
Running Lamps
• USB ports – 1x front, 6x rear
8-seater Option Pack:
• 4th row 2-seater bench
Granvia
Toyota has always been inspired by developing vehicles to help improve 
the way we travel and the Granvia range is no exception. By combining  
interior comfort, intelligent design and advanced technology, Granvia 
elevates the standard of moving groups of all sizes in premium style. 
Everyone aboard benefits from luxurious appointments including deeply 
cushioned seats and a spacious cabin providing ample legroom and 
effortless access with the walk-through aisle between the rear rows.
To assist with comfort on the road, the Granvia 6-seater VX comes  
with second and third row heated seats and both 6-seater and 8-seater  
variants offer power adjustment for convenience on the second row. 
Smooth touches and smart technology continue to enhance the  
refined space within.
Granvia, premium by design, styled for practicality.
• Automatic dual sliding doors with easy close
• Power adjustable driver ’s seat and lumbar support
• Power adjustable 2nd and 3rd row seats
• Rear sun shade blinds
• 12-speaker Pioneer®12 premium audio system
• Rear Ottoman Captain’s Chairs – 2nd and 3rd row
• Quilted leather accented seat trim
• Premium accented and woodgrain-look steering wheel
• Panoramic View Monitor
• Nanoe™ ,12 air conditioning technology
• Auto-dimming digital rear view mirror
• Heated seats – 2nd and 3rd row (6-seater only,  
not available on 8-seater VX model)
VX 8-seater Option Pack: 
• 2nd and 3rd row Captain’s Chairs and 4th row  
2-seater bench
• Quilted leather accented seat trim
• Power adjustable 2nd row seat 
Granvia VX In addition to, or in replacement of, Granvia 6-seater features:
Toyota Safety Sense
Toyota Safety Sense is standard across the range and uses technology with active 
intelligence to help protect you, including our Pre-Collision Safety (PCS) system with 
pedestrian and daytime cyclist detection, Lane Departure Alert and Automatic High 
Beam. PCS aims to recognise specific hazards and may help avoid certain collisions, 
providing greater reassurance to the driver and passengers across a varying range of 
driving speeds and conditions.
Road Sign Assist (speed signs only) detects certain speed signs, then uses a camera to 
display them on the Multi-information display. It provides a warning if you’re exceeding 
the speed displayed on the sign,1 while Active Cruise Control (high speed) automatically 
maintains the distance between you and the car in front on the highway.1
Please visit toyota.com.au/toyota-safety-sense  for vehicle and specification information.
Capped price servicing 14
A new Toyota means you don’t have to worry about 
unexpected service costs. Every Toyota comes with a 
low, capped price service cost for a set number of years/
kilometres. Pay the same low capped price from one 
eligible logbook service to the next for up to 3 years or 
60,000km, whichever occurs first (including Toyota Genuine 
parts, labour and fluids). For the full benefits, consult a 
Toyota Dealer or visit toyota.com.au/advantage
Toyota Warranty Advantage 
Every new Toyota is built to exceptional standards, and from  
1 January 2019, Toyota vehicles are backed by a 5-year/
unlimited kilometre warranty.15 If your vehicle is properly 
serviced and maintained per its Warranty and Service Book, 
we’ll extend your engine and driveline warranty for an 
additional 2 years,16 giving you peace of mind for years to 
come. In the event of a claim covered by warranty, you are 
covered by a 60-day money back guarantee and 7 years 
emergency assistance including expenses related to car 
hire or towing if required. For more information, visit  
toyota.com.au/owners/warranty 
The Toyota 
Advantage
Lane Departure Alert  Automatic High Beam  Road Sign Assist  
(speed signs only)  
Pre-Collision Safety System 
with pedestrian and daytime 
cyclist detection 1  
All illustrations indicative 
only and not to scale
1 Driver assist feature. Only operates under certain conditions. Check your Owner’s  
Manual for explanation of limitations. Please drive safely. 
2  Complimentary period ends 1 year from delivery date. Fees and charges may apply 
after expiry of complimentary period. Not available outside Australia or if services are 
disabled or terminated. Dependent on 3G/4G enabled DCM, GPS signal strength, mobile 
network coverage and other factors outside Toyota's control which can limit the ability 
or functionality of the system. Check your Owner’s Manual for explanation of limitations. 
Please drive safely. 
3 Requires activated DCM, compatible device and app installation, third party info, mobile 
data, network reception and GPS signal. Mobile usage at user’s cost. Features subject to 
change. For details see toyota.com.au/connected/connect-app
4  SVT – Not available outside Australia or if service is disabled or terminated. Dependent 
on sufficient battery power, 3G/4G enabled DCM, GPS signal strength, mobile network 
coverage, operational related components and other factors outside Toyota’s control which 
can limit the ability or functionality of the system. Owner/driver required to obtain Police 
report. Vehicle location information, if available, only provided to Police. Vehicle recovery  
not guaranteed. For details, visit toyota.com.au/connected/faq-support 
5  ACN – Driver assist feature only. Not a substitute for safe driving practices. Not available 
outside Australia or if service is disabled or terminated. Only activates if vehicle’s DCM 
detects airbag deployment or an impact sensor notification. Dependent on 3G/4G enabled 
DCM, GPS signal strength, mobile network coverage, operational related components 
and other factors outside Toyota’s control which can limit the ability or functionality of the 
system. Check your Owner’s Manual for explanation of limitations. Please drive safely. 
6  SOS – Driver assist feature only. Not a substitute for safe driving practices. Not available 
outside Australia or if service is disabled or terminated. Only operates if vehicle’s SOS button 
is pressed. Dependent on 3G/4G enabled DCM, GPS signal strength, mobile network 
coverage, operational related components and other factors outside Toyota’s control 
which can limit the ability or functionality of the system. Check your Owner’s Manual for 
explanation of limitations. Please drive safely.
7 Requires compatible device, USB connection or Bluetooth® connection for vehicles fitted 
with wireless CarPlay®, mobile data, network reception & GPS signal. Mobile usage at user’s 
cost. Apps subject to change. For details see toyota.com.au/connected
8 CarPlay® is a trademark of Apple, Inc. registered in the U.S. and other countries. 
9 Android Auto™ is a trademark of Google LLC. 
10 Compatibility and functionality varies depending on device. 
11 Bluetooth® is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. 
12 Product and company names are trademarks of their respective owners. 
13 Paint featured is an optional extra at additional cost. 
14 Applies to standard scheduled logbook servicing (normal operating conditions).  
Excludes Government and Rental vehicles. For details see your Toyota Dealer or visit  
toyota.com.au/advantage 
15 The standard Toyota Warranty Advantage period is 5 years, with unlimited kms, from delivery. 
Excludes vehicles used for a commercial purpose, such as taxis, hire vehicles and vehicles 
transporting people or goods for payment including rideshare. The commercial vehicle 
Toyota Warranty Advantage period is 5 years from delivery or 160,000kms (whichever occurs 
first). See toyota.com.au/owners/warranty or your vehicle’s Warranty and Service Book for 
T&Cs. This warranty does not limit and may not necessarily exceed your rights under the 
Australian Consumer Law.
16  The Toyota Warranty Advantage Extended Engine and Driveline coverage is for 7 years from 
delivery, provided your vehicle is properly serviced and maintained per its Warranty and  
Service Book. Excludes vehicles used for a commercial purpose, such as taxis, hire vehicles  
and vehicles transporting people or goods for payment including rideshare.  
See toyota.com.au/owners/warranty for details. This warranty does not limit and may not 
necessarily exceed your rights under the Australian Consumer Law.
IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ:  
Toyota Australia uses its best endeavours to ensure material is accurate at the time of publishing. 
All information must be confirmed with your Toyota Dealer at the time of ordering, as specifications, 
applicability and availability may change over time. Colours depicted are a guide only and may 
vary from actual colours due to the printing/display process. Toyota Australia reserves the right 
to change and/or discontinue, without notice, models, prices, colours, materials, equipment, 
specifications. To the extent permitted by law, Toyota Australia will not be liable for any 
damage or loss incurred from relying on the information and images contained in this material. 
Distributed nationally (other than in Western Australia) by Toyota Motor Corporation Australia 
Limited ABN 64 009 686 097. Material distributed in Western Australia by or on behalf of Prestige 
Motors Pty Ltd (for vehicles) and by Eastpoint Pty Ltd (for parts/accessories). Toyota Australia 
makes no warranties regarding (and will not be liable for) accuracy of materials distributed in 
Western Australia. PROOF HQ: T2024-000103. GTO-007981. VERSION: MARCH 2024.
