Toyota Introduces a New Type of Vehicle―The Granvia MPV | Toyota Motor Corporation Official Global Website
Aug. 22, 1995
Toyota Introduces a New Type of Vehicle―The Granvia MPV
Rider-Friendly, Comfortable, with Refined Cabin Space
Tokyo―TOYOTA MOTOR CORPORATION announced today the introduction and start of sales of the 2WD Granvia MPV, available from Toyota Auto dealers nationwide. Delivery of the 4WD model is scheduled for October 16. The sales target is 1,500 units a month nationwide.
The Granvia is an entirely new vehicle, designed and developed using the concept of "a multipurpose vehicle of the future."
It has been designed to meet a broad range of needs by combining the roominess of a large one-box semi-bonnet wagon body and the drivability of a luxury saloon model.
Major Features
Stately styling expressing strength
Roomy, refined cabin
Outstanding safety features
Cabin quietness comparable to a luxury car
High performance and comfortable ride
Environment-friendly materials
Granvia G
(2.7-liter gasoline engine 2WD with options)
Vehicle Overview
Stately Styling Expressing Strength
The design of the one-box-body 2WD model expresses strength and stability in the line from the bumper to the hood and to the rear of the front side windows, the trapezoidal intake in the bumper, the dynamically flowing roofline, and the bold V-shaped groove along the center of the side body.
Roomy and Refined Cabin
The front-mounted engine and new semi-trailing arm type rear suspension allow a wide cabin with a low, flat floor. The lavish use of fabric and attention to the cabin "feel" provide a refined atmosphere.
The low floor level also makes for easy access to and egress from the vehicle cabin for the driver and passengers, and the large overall height and width of the cabin allow easy access through the cabin.
The second seat has a back/forward adjustment of up to 410mm, rotates 180°, and is fully reclining. The third seat's maximum back/forward adjustment is 945mm and, when moved back to its furthest position, creates 820mm leg room. The third seat's cushions are foldable, enabling luggage capacity to be increased up to 2,560 liters.
The driver's seat comes with a left arm rest and, for the Q grade, the front passenger seat has a right arm rest. These seats include a foot rest fitted in the rear for the second-seat passengers. A captain's chair is used as the second seat in the Q grade. The third seat is equipped with a large, folding center arm rest.
Outstanding Safety Features
Active Safety
A broad field of vision, an easy-to-read instrument panel, and the ergonomic design of switches and levers allows for easy operation.
With a long wheelbase, wide track, and four-wheel independent suspension, together with an antilock brake system (ABS) as standard equipment in all grades, outstanding drivability and excellent accident avoidance performance are achieved.
Passive Safety
The body structure design secures "survival" space in the cabin and protects the occupants by absorbing impacts from various types of collisions. The design also meets new domestic safety standards. Higher collision safety has been assured by installing driver- and passenger-side supplemental restraint system (SRS) air bags as standard equipment on all grades.
Cabin Quietness Comparable to a Luxury Car
Vibration and noise have been minimized by using a balance shaft on both the diesel and gasoline engines and a three-joint propeller shaft. In addition, body design aimed at suppressing vibration and noise transmission and effective use of vibration and sound-insulating materials have improved quietness inside the cabin comparable to that of a luxury car.
High performance and comfortable ride
Performance equivalent to that of a luxury car has been secured with the powerful, clean-running 1KZ-TE 3.0-liter turbo diesel engine, and the 2.7-liter 3RZ-FE twin-cam gasoline engine.
The four-wheel independent suspension, consisting of double-wishbones at the front and semi-trailing arms at the rear, provides a large suspension-stroke range. This and the Granvia's wide track and long wheelbase, superb running stability―both straight-line and in crosswinds―and its responsive handling, realizes a comfortable ride and high performance.
Environment-Friendly Materials
Environmental considerations for the Granvia include conservation of resources and energy by using lighter components to realize better fuel economy.
In addition to using the same resin material for the instrument panel and air conditioner duct, a new screw-free assembly method* is employed for easier production and dismantling of resin parts for recycling. Also, Toyota Super Oleofin Polymer―a highly recyclable thermoplastic resin―is used for the bumper, and resin scraps produced in manufacturing are used to make the engine undercover.
*
"Vibration welding" method. This method utilizes and applies slight vibration when resin components are pressed together, causing the contact surface to produce heat and melt, thus making a weld.
Downloads (Images)
Granvia G
(2.7-liter gasoline engine 2WD with options)
Aug. 22, 1995
Toyota Introduces a New Type of Vehicle―The Granvia MPV
