Striking, Nimble, Advanced and Efficient: The 2018 Toyota Prius c
Skip to content
LANGUAGES
en
fr
Search
Search
CORPORATE
Toyota in the Community
Executive Bios
Environment and Sustainability
Auto Shows
Awards and Accolades
Corporate
Future and Concept
Innovation and Advanced Technology
Motorsport
Recalls
Safety
Sales
60th Anniversary of Toyota in Canada
Manufacturing
TOYOTA
Cars and Mini Vans
Camry
Corolla
Corolla Hatchback
Crown
Mirai
Prius
Prius Plug-in Hybrid
Sienna
Sports Cars
GR86
GR Corolla
GR Supra
SUVs
4Runner
bZ
bZ Woodland
C-HR
Corolla Cross
Crown Signia
Grand Highlander
Highlander
Land Cruiser
RAV4
RAV4 Plug-in Hybrid
Sequoia
Trucks
Tacoma
Tundra
Discontinued Models
Avalon
FJ Cruiser
Prius c
Prius v
Yaris Hatchback
Yaris Sedan
Venza
LEXUS
Categories
Auto Shows
Awards
Corporate Social Responsibility
Environment
Future and Concept
Lexus Lifestyle
Innovation and Advanced Technology
Quality
Motorsport
Safety
Manufacturing
Lexus 35th Anniversary in Canada
Cars
ES
IS
LC
LS
LFA Concept
SUVs
GX
LX
NX
RX
RZ
TX
TZ
UX
Discontinued Models
CT
GS
GS F
GS
IS C
IS F
LFA
RC
RC F
Gazoo Racing
Categories
Motorsport
Sports Cars
GR GT
GR GT3
Toyota Canada
Newsroom
Releases
Striking, Nimble, Advanced and Efficient: The 2018 Toyota Prius c
Striking, Nimble, Advanced and Efficient: The 2018 Toyota Prius c
New exterior styling, new wheels and updated interior detailing
Impressive safety features enhanced with standard backup camera
Fun to drive, plus remarkable fuel efficiency
TORONTO, ON – August 1, 2017 – Meet the small car with big ideas about design and technology. Meet the 2018 Toyota Prius c – sporting fresh styling inside and out, best-in-class fuel efficiency, and the addition of a standard backup camera to an already impressive list of active and passive safety systems.
“Prius is the world’s most recognized name for advanced and efficient motoring, and the Prius c combines Toyota’s proven hybrid technology with a small footprint to produce a nimble compact hatch, perfect for life in a modern city.” said Cyril Dimitris, Vice President, Toyota Canada Inc. “For 2018, we’ve made Prius c even more stylish and safe – giving Canadians even more reasons to welcome this forward-thinking hybrid into their lives.”
New for 2018:
All models sport updated front and rear fascia styling.
All models feature new headlamp and taillight designs.
All models include updated interior fittings, including a newly designed instrument panel, air conditioning controls and steering wheel.
Safety is enhanced on all models with a backup camera as standard.
Show off your advanced, urban style. With the Prius c’s updated design, it’s the hybrid that stands out from the competition. In fact, it’s in a class by itself – with aerodynamic styling that slips through the wind for maximum efficiency and smooth, quieter driving. A front lower bumper spoiler and rear spoiler help guide air around the vehicle, even as they ramp up the style, while LED headlamps and taillights express Prius c’s advanced attitude.
Prius c’s hatchback design serves up big helpings of versatility. The modern and comfortable cabin offers plenty of space for up to five adults. Or, drop the 60/40 split folding rear seat and open up room for an impressive amount of cargo.
Every Prius c comes standard equipped with many comfort and convenience features, including air conditioning with automatic temperature control, 4.2” MID display, multi-information display, outside temperature gauge, power door locks and windows with driver’s auto up/down function, plenty of thoughtful in-cabin storage, 12v accessory power outlet, power adjustable heated exterior mirrors, a rear wiper/washer, keyless entry, a steering wheel mounted on a tilting/telescoping column and fitted with controls for audio and HVAC systems, and more.
Under the hood, the Prius c’s Hybrid Synergy Drive is built around a 1.5L Atkinson cycle four-cylinder engine with an exhaust heat recovery system, Variable Valve Timing with intelligence, and other advanced systems. The hybrid system generates 99 net horsepower plus impressive fuel efficiency of just 5.1 L/ 100km city/highway combined, while the continuously variable transmission gives Prius c quick and smooth acceleration.
The front-wheel-drive Prius c features responsive and efficient electric power steering, and rides on a suspension system featuring Macpherson gas struts and a stabilizer bar up front, and a torsion beam suspension at the rear.
Every Prius c also features a long list of cutting-edge active and passive safety systems as standard on all models. This is headlined by Toyota Safety Sense C – a bundle of advanced safety systems including the Pre-Collision System… Lane Departure Alert… and Automatic High Beams. Other features include the six active technologies of the Toyota Star Safety System, nine standard airbags, direct tire pressure monitoring system, LED brake lamps, and – new for 2018 – a backup camera on all models.
The Prius c is offered in two models:
The 2018 Toyota Prius c (Starting MSRP: $21,990) features a 6.1” Display Audio System with Bluetooth connectivity, four speakers, and shark-fin antenna, fabric seat surfaces, 15” steel wheels, and more.
This model may be enhanced with an available Upgrade Package (Starting MSRP: $22,890), which includes a six-speaker audio system, premium seat coverings, additional adjustments on the driver’s seat, cruise control, a synthetic leather instrument panel, tonneau cover, rear center console box, and more.
The 2018 Toyota Prius c Technology (Starting MSRP: $26,950) adds many technology features and upgrades, including a six-speaker 6.1” Display Audio System with navigation, Bluetooth connectivity, Integrated Sirius XM Satellite Radio, advanced voice recognition, Gracenote connectivity, and shark-fin antenna, Touch Tracer controls on the steering wheel, and the Smart Key System with push Button Start. Other features on this model include heated front seats, Softex seat surfaces, synthetic leather-clad instrument panel and steering wheel, tonneau cover, cruise control, power moonroof, LED fog lamps, 15” aluminum alloy wheels, and more.
The 2018 Toyota Prius c is now on sale at Toyota Dealers across Canada. For complete and up to date details and specifications, visit www.toyota.ca/priusc.
About Toyota Canada Inc.
Toyota Canada Inc. (TCI) is the exclusive Canadian distributor of Toyota and Lexus vehicles. Toyota has sold over 5 million vehicles in Canada through a national network of 286 Toyota and Lexus dealerships. Toyota is dedicated to bringing safety, quality, dependability and reliability in the vehicles Canadians drive and the service they receive. TCI’s head office is located in Toronto, with regional offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Montreal and Halifax and parts distribution centers in Toronto and Vancouver. Toyota operates two manufacturing facilities in Canada. Having produced more than seven million vehicles, popular Canadian models built at these facilities include Toyota RAV4, Toyota Corolla, Lexus RX 350 and RX 450h hybrid. For more information on Toyota and Toyota products, please visit: www.toyota.ca.
Categories
English,
Toyota Models,
Prius C
Back
Every effort has been made to ensure the product specifications, equipment, and content on this site are accurate based on information available at time of publishing. In some cases, certain changes in standard equipment or options may occur, which may not be reflected online. Toyota Canada reserves the rights to make these changes without notice or obligation.
Related Sites
Toyota Canada
Toyota USA
Toyota Global
Newsrooms
Toyota Global Newsroom
Toyota USA Newsroom
Toyota Europe Newsroom
Connect
RSS
Cookie Policy
Cookie Notice
Cookie Preference
Media Contacts
© 2026 Toyota Canada Inc.
