Page 1
Page 1
2018 Prius c
Page 2
Let’s break up the routine  
and explore with style.
Get behind the wheel and get away. The 2018 Toyota Prius c’s smart tech and versatility will help you 
make your escape, while the sporty exterior details will give you a stylish look that’s all your own. Thanks 
to its flexible flexible 5-door design, you can always bring your two- and four-legged friends. With its 
remarkable cargo space
36
 and available 60/40 split fold-down rear seats, Prius c  invites you to pack 
more gear and more good times into every trip. And you’ll never miss a beat or a call with Bluetooth
7
 with 
streaming audio
6
 and the available Entune
®
 App Suite.
10
 Prius c helps you do it all with complete peace of 
mind, thanks to standard Toyota Safety Sense™  C (TSS-C)21
 and the integrated backup camera.
15
 It’s time
to take the fun even farther.
Prius c Three shown in Tide Pool Pearl. 38 
“Our time is now.
Let’s make our escape 
and explore our limits”
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 3
TOYOTA SAFETY SENSE™ C (TSS-C)
Prius c Three shown in Tide Pool Pearl. 38 
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
TOYOTA SAFETY SENSE™ C (TSS-C)
Designed for safety.
Toyota Safety Sense™  (TSS)21
 is a bundle of active safety features on most new Toyota vehicles at no additional 
cost. These innovative features were designed to help protect you and your passengers from harm.
AUTOMATIC HIGH BEAMS (AHB)24
Automatic High Beams (AHB) are a safety system 
designed to help you see more clearly at night —  
without blinding other drivers. Designed to activate  
at speeds above 25 mph, AHB rely on an in-vehicle 
camera to help detect the headlights of oncoming 
vehicles and taillights of preceding vehicles, then 
automatically toggle between high and low beams 
accordingly to provide the appropriate amount of light. 
By using high beams more frequently, the system may 
allow earlier detection of pedestrians and obstacles.
LANE DEPARTURE ALERT (LDA)
23
Under certain circumstances, Lane Departure Alert 
(LDA) is designed to detect lane departure on roads 
with clear markings. LDA only activates when you’re 
traveling at a speed of 32 mph or faster. When you 
hear and see the alert, after carefully checking  
the road around you, you should safely direct your  
vehicle back to the center of your lane.
PRE-COLLISION SYSTEM (PCS)
22
Using an integrated camera and laser or radar 
to help detect other vehicles in front of you, the 
Pre-Collision System (PCS) can prompt you to take 
action using audio and visual alerts if it determines 
a frontal collision is likely. If you notice the potential 
collision and apply the brakes, PCS may apply 
additional force using Brake Assist (BA).
19 If you 
don’t brake in time, PCS may automatically 
apply the brakes for you, helping to minimize the 
likelihood of a frontal collision or reduce its severity.
Page 5
DESIGN AND VERSATILITY
Prius c Three  shown in Tide Pool Pearl.38
Page 6
DESIGN AND VERSATILITY
15-IN. ALLOY WHEELS
Stand out with standard all-new 15-in. 8 spoke machined alloy 
wheels with dark-gray-painted accents. If you really want to go 
big, Prius c is also available with 16-in. 8-spoke alloy wheels. No 
matter what size you choose, you’ll always roll up in style.
60/40 SPLIT REAR SEATS
No problem fitting your gear, your crew, and your dog in the car. 
Prius c has plenty of room, thanks to the available 60/40 split 
fold-down rear seats. Not just 17.1 cu. ft. of cargo volume, but 
also a variety of ways to configure it.
36 It helps you pack even more 
excitement into every journey.
VERSATILE DESIGN
Four passenger doors and a large rear liftgate help you and your 
friends get in and get going with ease. Load up for a road trip, a 
big move or even a long hike with your best friend. Prius c makes 
it easy for you to explore new places and bring everyone and 
everything along for the ride.
All the space you need. 
All the style you want.
Stay in touch with your life no matter how far the road takes you. Prius c’s smart tech and versatility  
will help you make your escape, while the expressive details and wide array of eye-popping colors  
are the perfect way to amp up any adventure. With 5-door access and available 60/40 split  
fold-down rear seats, Prius c  can comfortably take you and your friends for a night out on the  
town or a trip out of it.
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.

Page 7
PREMIUM INTERIOR
Prius c Three interior shown in Blue/Dark Gray two-tone fabric. 
Page 8
TECHNOLOGY
INTEGRATED BACKUP CAMERA15 
Get in and out of the tightest spots on your next getaway. Prius c 
has your back with its standard integrated backup camera. Shift 
into Reverse and the large display automatically shows what’s 
behind Prius c, helping you avoid objects that might otherwise be 
out of view.
BLUETOOTH
®7 WIRELESS TECHNOLOGY 
Standard Bluetooth® wireless technology keeps you connected to 
your friends and favorite playlists, so you never have to miss a call, 
or your favorite road trip mix.
6
ENTUNE™ PREMIUM AUDIO WITH INTEGRATED NAVIGATION9 
AND APP SUITE10
Bring your music along for the ride with available Entune™  
Premium Audio with Integrated Navigation and App Suite. 
Equipped with the tech you know, this smart multimedia 
system helps you locate your car, enjoy live radio stations with 
iHeartRadio, and Yelp
® the perfect restaurant. And with real-time 
traffic info, getting to the fun is easier than ever.
In touch with your life.  
More music, friends and fun.
Bring your music along for the ride and always know how to get there with Prius c ’s available  
Entune™  Premium Audio with Integrated Navigation
9
 and App Suite.
10
 When it’s time to roll out,  
you can back up without asking for backup thanks to the standard integrated backup camera.
15
  
Once you’re on the go, Prius c’s standard Bluetooth
®7
 wireless technology helps you stay in touch.  
It easily connects your contacts, playlists
6
 and more to its steering wheel controls so you’ll never  
miss a moment. It’s time to have more fun with the tech that fits your life.
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 9
INTERIOR
Prius c Three interior shown in Blue/Dark Gray  two-tone fabric. 
Page 10
PREMIUM INTERIOR
SMART KEY SYSTEM17 WITH PUSH BUTTON START
It’s easy to unlock all the fun with the available Smart Key fob 
in your pocket or purse. Simply grasp either the driver’s or front 
passenger’s door handle of your Prius c to unlock it. Plus, you
can start the engine with the push of a button and start your next 
journey with ease.
USB PORT
3
Put an end to the power struggle. Charge your favorite device and 
sync your music to Prius c’s audio system with the standard USB 
port. There’s also an auxiliary audio jack that supports a wide range 
of music players, so your favorite playlist is never out of reach.
HEATED SEATS AND MIRRORS
Chilly mornings are no excuse for missing the fun. Give your Prius c  
an added touch of comfort with available SofTex
®-trimmed seating 
with heated front seats. Plus, you’ll enjoy a frost-free view with 
available heated power outside mirrors.
A comfy space that 
invites more possibilities. 
It’s time to expand your potential and elevate your comfort game. Prius c offers a space that’s  
tailored to you, with available SofTex
®
-trimmed seating that includes a 6-way adjustable driver’s  
seat, and convenient tech like the available Smart Key System
17
 that makes it easy to get in and  
out. A space this welcoming is sure to make every trip a comfy one. 
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 11
HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES
Prius c Three shown in Blue Streak Metallic.  
Page 12
HYBRID TECHNOLOGIES
ENERGY MONITOR
Learn how to optimize your efficiency. The energy monitor screen 
displays how the hybrid system works in real time. It shows you 
how Prius c always employs the most efficient source of power.
EV
16/ECO MODE
Take charge and pick your perfect drive mode. Prius c’s EV Mode 
enables electric driving for up to one half mile. ECO Mode limits the  
operation of the climate control and adjusts throttle input to help 
maximize fuel economy and give you more moments from each mile.
ECO SAVINGS
With ECO Savings, you can easily compare a vehicle’s fuel cost and  
mpg average to your Prius c. Once you know how much you may  
be saving, you may know how much more you can spend on that 
commemorative truck-stop coffee mug from your next adventure.
More efficiency means more fun.
With the power to choose the perfect drive mode, Prius c won’t let you miss out on any of the  
action. With an EPA-estimated 48 mpg city,
37
 you can take on everything from errands to extended  
journeys, thanks to its proven hybrid tech and eco-minded efficiency. It helps make trips to that  
secret hiking trail easier on your wallet too.
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 13
SAFETY TECHNOLOGY
Prius c Three shown in Absolutely Red with available moonroof (removes black roof rail accent).  
9
Page 14
airbags
SAFETY TECHNOLOGY
LATCH
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) provides an 
added measure of safety for the smaller members of your family. 
LATCH includes lower anchors and tethers on the outboard 
second-row seats and a tether anchor on the middle seat of the 
second and third rows.
NINE AIRBAGS
25
Prius c comes standard with nine airbags, including a driver and 
front passenger Advanced Airbag System. In the event of certain 
collisions, a sensor designed to monitor the severity of the impact 
makes adjustments for the appropriate airbag deployment.
WIL SEATING
26
Whiplash-Injury-Lessening (WIL) seatback frames are engineered to  
yield in a controlled fashion, reducing the motion differential between  
the occupant’s head and torso, and helping to lessen injury.
Peace of mind 
For a safer drive.
Prius c helps you travel safely with the standard Star Safety System,™  a suite of six active safety  
features designed to help keep you safe. This advanced system includes Vehicle Stability  
Control (VSC),
18
 Traction Control (TRAC), Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), Anti-lock Brake  
System (ABS), Brake Assist (BA)19
 and Smart Stop Technology
®
 (SST).
20
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 15Page 15
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
PRIUS c MODELS
ONE
Exterior Features
•  Single-LED projector low- and high-beam headlights
• LED tail and stop lights 
• Black side rocker and wheel arch moldings 
• Daytime Running Lights (DRL) with on/off feature
• Black roof rail accent 
• Front and rear lower silver-accented body guards 
• Power outside mirrors with turn signal indicators 
• 15-in. 8-spoke machined alloy wheels with dark-
gray-painted accents and P175/65R15 tires  
• Color-keyed shark-fin antenna
• Intermittent rear window wiper
• Color-keyed rear spoiler
Interior Features 
•  Automatic climate control 
•  Entune ™  Audio — includes the Entune ™  Multimedia Bundle 2  
(6.1-in. touch-screen display, AM/FM CD player, MP3/WMA  
playback capability, four speakers, auxiliary audio jack, USB 2.0  
port
3 with iPod®4 connectivity and control, advanced voice  
recognition,5 hands-free phone capability, phone book access  
and music streaming 6 via Bluetooth®7 wireless technology) and  
Siri® Eyes Free8
• Integrated backup camera 15
•  3.5-in. TFT Multi-Information Display with outside temperature,  
clock, fuel economy information, cruising range, odometer, trip 
distance, hybrid system information, Hybrid System Indicator,  
ECO Savings, ECO Score, energy monitor 
•  Fold-down rear seat
•  Fabric-trimmed seats; 4-way adjustable driver’s seat; 4-way  
adjustable front passenger seat
•  Tilt/telescopic steering wheel with steering wheel controls
•  Digital instrumentation with speedometer, fuel gauge, shift-position  
indicator, and EV 16/ECO Mode indicators
•  Remote keyless entry system with illuminated entry 
•  Power windows with driver-side one-touch auto up/down
•  Glove compartment
•  One front 12V auxiliary power outlet
•  Front seat maplights 
Safety Features 
• Toyota Safety Sense™  C (TSS-C)21 — Pre-Collision System (PCS), 22 
Lane Departure Alert (LDA) 23 and Automatic High Beams (AHB) 24
TWO
Adds to or replaces features offered on ONE
THREE
Adds to or replaces features offered on TWO
Interior Features
•  Entune ™  Audio — includes the Entune ™  Multimedia Bundle 2  
(6.1-in. touch-screen display, AM/FM CD player, MP3/WMA  
playback capability, six speakers, auxiliary audio jack, USB 2.0  
port3 with iPod®4 connectivity and control, advanced voice 
recognition,5 hands-free phone capability, phone book access  
and music streaming 6 via Bluetooth®7 wireless technology)  
and Siri® Eyes Free8
•  Fabric-trimmed two-tone seats; 6-way adjustable driver’s seat; 
4-way adjustable front passenger seat with seatback pocket
• 60/40 split fold-down rear seats
• Cruise control
•  Soft-touch center console with armrest and storage compartment
• Cargo area tonneau cover
• Cargo area light 
• Engine immobilizer
30
Interior Features 
•  Entune ™  Premium Audio with Integrated Navigation 9 and App 
Suite10 — includes the Entune ™  Multimedia Bundle 2 (6.1-in. high-
resolution touch-screen with split-screen display, AM/FM CD player 
with MP3/WMA playback capability, six speakers, auxiliary audio 
jack, USB 2.0 port
3 with iPod®4 connectivity and control, advanced 
voice recognition,5 hands-free phone capability, phone book access 
and music streaming 6 via Bluetooth®7 wireless technology), Siri ® 
Eyes Free,8 Entune® App Suite,10 HD Radio™ 11 Technology, HD Radio™  
Predictive Traffic and Doppler Weather overlay, AM/FM cache radio, 
SiriusXM® Satellite Radio12 with 3-month complimentary SiriusXM All 
Access trial,13 and Gracenote ® album cover art. Access to Entune ® 
App Suite10 is subscription-free. See toyota.com/entune for details.
•  Entune ® App Suite10 — includes Destination Search, iHeartRadio, 
Movietickets.com, OpenTable,® Pandora,®14 Facebook Places,  
Yelp® and Slacker Radio; real-time info including traffic, weather, 
fuel prices, sports and stocks. Access to Entune ® App Suite10 
is subscription-free. See toyota.com/entune for details.
•  Smart Key System 17 on front doors and liftgate with Push Button  
Start and remote illuminated entry
Options 
•  Power tilt/slide moonroof with sliding sunshade (removes black  
roof rail accent)
PRIUS c MODELS (continued)
FOUR
Adds to or replaces features offered on THREE
Exterior Features
• Integrated LED fog lights
•  Heated power outside mirrors with turn signal indicators
• Power tilt/slide moonroof with sliding sunshade (removes black  
roof rail accent)
Interior Features 
•  SofTex ®-trimmed seats with heated front seats; 6-way  
adjustable driver’s seat; 4-way adjustable front passenger  
seat with seatback pocket
•  SofTex
®-trimmed tilt/telescopic steering wheel with  
steering wheel controls
Packages 
•  Upgraded Wheel Package — includes 16-in. 8-spoke alloy wheels 
with P195/50R16 tires  
COLOR/TRIM/WHEELS*
Color Trim
Black Sand Pearl
Absolutely Red
Magnetic Gray Metallic 
Tide Pool Pearl
38
Moonglow38
Blue Steak Metallic Prius c ONE Gray fabric
Prius c TWO and THREE  
Blue/Dark Gray  two-tone fabric
Prius c TWO and THREE Gray/
Dark Gray two-tone fabric
Prius c FOUR Black SofTex®
Prius c FOUR Light Blue  
Gray SofTex®
Tangerine Splash Pearl38
Classic Silver Metallic
Sandstorm
Wheels
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section. *Not all wheels available on all model grades. See dealer for details. 
16-in. 8-spoke alloy wheels
15-in. 8-spoke machined  
alloy wheels with dark-gray-
painted accents 
Page 17
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
ACCESSORIES
Prius c has lots of Genuine Toyota Accessories available to help make every trip even more fun. Now 
your Prius c can reflect your unique style and stand out even more. Some accessories may not be 
available in all regions of the country. For a complete list of accessories, go to toyota.com/Prius c.
All-weather floor liners39  
Alloy wheel locks 
Body side moldings
Cargo net — envelope 36
Cargo tote36
Cargo tray  
Carpet cargo mat  
Carpet floor mats
39
Coin holder/ashtray cup
Door edge guards
Emergency assistance kit
First aid kit
Paint protection film40
Universal tablet holder
 
Carpet floor mats39 Carpet cargo mat
Body side moldings Cargo net — envelope 36
Door edge guards
Cargo tray All-weather floor liners 38
Cargo tote36
Page 18
FEATURES1
EXTERIOR
SAFETY AND CONVENIENCE
INTERIOR
S = Standard – = Not available
 ONE TWO THREE FOUR  ONE TWO THREE FOUR
Single-LED projector low- and high-beam headlights S S S S
Daytime Running Lights (DRL) with on/off feature S S S S
Integrated LED fog lights —  —  —  S
LED taillights and stop lights S S S S
Front and rear lower silver-accented body guards  S S S S
Black side rocker and wheel arch moldings  S S S S 
Black roof rail accent S S S  —
Power outside mirrors with turn signal indicators S S S  —
Heated power outside mirrors with turn signal indicators —  —  —  S
Power tilt/slide moonroof with sliding sunshade (removes black  
roof rail accent) —  —  O S
15-in. 8-spoke machined alloy wheels with dark-gray-painted accents  
and P175/65R15 tires S S S S
16-in. 8-spoke alloy wheels with P195/50R16 tires —  —  —  O
Color-keyed shark-fin antenna S S S S
Intermittent rear window wiper S S S S
Color-keyed rear spoiler  S S S S
Star Safety System™ — includes Vehicle Stability  
Control (VSC),18 Traction Control (TRAC), Anti-lock  
Brake System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force Distribution  
(EBD), Brake Assist (BA)19 and Smart Stop Technology® (SST)20 S S S S
Toyota Safety Sense™ C (TSS-C) 21 — includes Pre-Collision System  
(PCS),22 Lane Departure Alert (LDA)23 and Automatic High Beams (AHB)24 S S S S
Nine airbags25 — includes driver and front passenger Advanced Airbag  
System, driver and front passenger seat-mounted side airbags, driver  
knee airbag, driver and front passenger seat cushion airbags, and front  
and rear side curtain airbags S S S S
Driver and front passenger Whiplash-Injury-Lessening (WIL)26 seats S S S S
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) includes lower  
anchors on outboard rear seats and tether anchors on all rear seats S S S S
Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS)27 S S S S
Vehicle Proximity Notification System (VPNS)28 S S S S
Hill Start Assist Control (HAC)29 S S S S
Engine immobilizer30  —  S S S
ToyotaCare31 featuring a no cost maintenance plan with  
roadside assistance32 S S S S
Automatic climate control  S S S S
Entune™ Audio — includes the Entune™ Multimedia Bundle 2  
(6.1-in. touch-screen display, AM/FM CD player, MP3/WMA playback  
capability, four speakers, auxiliary audio jack, USB 2.0 port3 with iPod®4  
connectivity and control, advanced voice recognition,5 hands-free  
phone capability, phone book access and music streaming6 via  
Bluetooth®7 wireless technology) and Siri® Eyes Free8 S —  —  —
Entune™ Audio — includes the Entune™ Multimedia Bundle 2  
(6.1-in. touch-screen display, AM/FM CD player, MP3/WMA playback  
capability, six speakers, auxiliary audio jack, USB 2.0 port3 with iPod®4  
connectivity and control, advanced voice recognition,5 hands-free  
phone capability, phone book access and music streaming6 via  
Bluetooth®7 wireless technology) and Siri® Eyes Free8 —  S —  —
Entune™ Premium Audio with Integrated Navigation 9 and App Suite10 —  
includes the Entune™ Multimedia Bundle 2 (6.1-in. high-resolution  
touch-screen with split-screen display, AM/FM CD player with  
MP3/WMA playback capability, six speakers, auxiliary audio jack,  
USB 2.0 port3 with iPod®4 connectivity and control, advanced voice  
recognition,5 hands-free phone access and music streaming6 via  
Bluetooth®7 wireless technology), Siri® Eyes Free,8 Entune® App Suite,10  
HD Radio™ 11 Technology, HD Radio™ Predictive Traffic and Doppler  
Weather overlay, AM/FM cache radio, SiriusXM® Satellite Radio12 with  
3-month complimentary SiriusXM All Access trial,13 and Gracenote®  
album cover art. Access to Entune® App Suite10 is subscription-free.  
See toyota.com/entune for details. —  —  S S
Entune® App Suite10 — includes Destination Search, iHeartRadio,  
MovieTickets.com, OpenTable,® Pandora,®14 Facebook Places,  
Yelp® and Slacker Radio; real-time info including traffic, weather,  
fuel prices, sports and stocks. Access to Entune® App Suite10 is  
subscription-free. See toyota.com/entune for details. —  —  S S
Integrated backup camera15 S S S S
3.5-in. TFT Multi-Information Display with outside temperature,  
clock, fuel economy information, cruising range, odometer, trip  
distance, hybrid system information, Hybrid System Indicator,  
ECO Savings, ECO Score, energy monitor S S S S
Fabric-trimmed seats; 4-way adjustable driver’s seat; 4-way  
adjustable front passenger seat S —  —  —
Fabric-trimmed two-tone seats; 6-way adjustable driver’s seat;  
4-way adjustable front passenger seat with seatback pocket —  S S  —
SofTex®-trimmed seats with heated front seats; 6-way  
adjustable driver’s seat; 4-way adjustable front passenger  
seat with seatback pocket —  —  —  S
Fold-down rear seat S —  —  
60/40 split fold-down rear seats  —  S S S
Cruise control —  S S S
Tilt/telescopic steering wheel with steering wheel controls S S S  —
SofTex®-trimmed tilt/telescopic steering wheel with steering wheel controls —  —  —  S
Digital instrumentation with speedometer, fuel gauge, shift-position  
indicator, and EV16/ECO Mode indicators S S S S
Remote keyless entry system with illuminated entry S S  —  —
Smart Key System17 on front doors and liftgate with Push Button  
Start and remote illuminated entry —  —  S S
Power windows with driver-side one-touch auto up/down S S S S
Soft-touch center console with armrest and storage compartment —  S S S
Glove compartment  S S S S
Cargo area tonneau cover —  S S S
One front 12V auxiliary power outlet S S S S
Front seat maplights S S S S
Cargo area light —  S S S
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
SPECIFICATIONS
MECHANICAL/PERFORMANCE 
GASOLINE ENGINE
1.5-Liter Aluminum DOHC 16-Valve with Variable Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i), EV15/ECO Modes;  
73 hp @ 4800 rpm (54 kW @ 4800 rpm), 82 lb.-ft. @ 4000 rpm (111 N•m @ 4000 rpm); 99 hybrid system net hp (74 kW) Standard Standard Standard Standard
BORE X STROKE
2.95 in x 3.33 in Standard Standard Standard Standard
COMPRESSION RATIO
13.4:1 Standard Standard Standard Standard
INDUCTION SYSTEM
Sequential multi-point EFI with Electronic Throttle Control System with intelligence (ETCS-i) Standard Standard Standard Standard
IGNITION SYSTEM
Electronic, with Toyota Direct Ignition (TDI) Standard Standard Standard Standard
EMISSION RATING
Super Ultra Low Emission Vehicle (SULEV)
33 Standard Standard Standard Standard
ELECTRIC MOTOR
Motor type: Permanent magnet AC synchronous motor Standard Standard Standard Standard
Power output: 60 hp (45 kW)  Standard Standard Standard Standard
Torque: 125 lb.-ft.  (169 N•m) Standard Standard Standard Standard
Voltage: 520V maximum Standard Standard Standard Standard
TRACTION BATTERY
Type: Sealed Nickel-Metal Hydride (Ni-MH)
34  Standard Standard Standard Standard
Power output: 25.9 hp (19.3 kW) Standard Standard Standard Standard
Voltage: 144V Standard Standard Standard Standard
TRANSMISSION
Electronically controlled Continuously Variable Transmission (ECVT) Standard Standard Standard Standard
DRIVETRAIN
Front-Wheel Drive Standard Standard Standard Standard
SUSPENSION
Independent MacPherson strut front suspension with stabilizer bar; torsion beam rear suspension Standard Standard Standard Standard
STEERING
Electric Power Steering (EPS); power-assisted rack-and-pinion Standard Standard Standard Standard
Turning circle diameter, curb to curb (ft.)  31.4 31.4 31.4 31.4/37.4
35
BRAKES
Power-assisted ventilated front disc brakes; rear drum brakes and Star Safety System™ Standard Standard Standard Standard
DIMENSIONS
EXTERIOR DIMENSIONS (in.)
Overall height/width/length 59.6/68.6/162.4 59.6/68.6/162.4 59.6/68.6/162.4 59.6/68.6/162.4 
Wheelbase  100.4 100.4 100.4 100.4
Track (front/rear)  58.3/58.1 58.3/58.1 58.3/58.1 58.3/58.1
Ground clearance 5.5 5.5 5.5 5.5
INTERIOR DIMENSIONS (in.)
Head room (with moonroof) 38.6/37.0 38.6/37.0 38.6/37.0 (37.9/36.4)  37.9/36.4
Shoulder room  52.3/51.7 52.3/51.7 52.3/51.7 52.3/51.7
Hip room  51.0/50.8 51.0/50.8 51.0/50.8 51.0/50.8
Leg room  41.7/35.0 41.7/35.0 41.7/35.0 41.7/35.0
 ONE TWO THREE FOUR
Page 20
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
SPECIFICATIONS (continued)
WEIGHTS/CAPACITIES        
Curb weight (lb.) 2530 2530 2530 2530
Seating capacity  5 5 5 5
Passenger volume (cu. ft.)  87.4 87.4 87.4 87.4
Cargo volume (cu. ft.)36  17.1 17.1 17.1 17.1
Fuel tank (gal.)  9.5 9.5 9.5 9.5
TIRES
Spare: Temporary Standard Standard Standard Standard
MILEAGE ESTIMATES (mpg city/highway/combined)37
 48/43/46 48/43/46 48/43/46 48/43/46
OPTIONS/PACKAGES 
Power tilt/slide moonroof with sliding sunshade (removes black roof rail accent) NA NA Optional NA
Upgraded Wheel Package — includes 16-in. 8-spoke alloy wheels with P195/50R16 tires NA NA NA Optional
 ONE TWO THREE FOUR
Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle boasting. We back it up  
with these Limited Warranty Coverages:
Basic: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear and maintenance items). 
Hybrid-Related Component Coverage: Hybrid-related components, including the HV battery, battery  
control module, hybrid control module and inverter with converter, are covered for 8 years/100,000 miles.  
The HV battery may have longer coverage under emissions warranty. Refer to applicable Warranty and  
Maintenance Guide  for details. 
Powertrain: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, drive system, seatbelts and airbags). 
Rust-Through: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation of sheet metal). 
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable Warranty and  
Maintenance
 Guide for details. 
Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle purchase, the Toyota  
Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles from the vehicle’s in-service date, which  
is the same coverage as the Toyota New Vehicle Limited Warranty.
For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage is 12 months, regardless 
of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the vehicle, or the remainder of any applicable new  
vehicle warranty, whichever provides greater coverage.
You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be kept overnight for repairs 
covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota dealership for further details.
For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to the applicable Warranty  
and Maintenance Guide or see your Toyota dealer.
WARRANTIES
For Toyota Mobility program details, go to www.toyota.com/mobility  
or call the Toyota Customer Assistance Center at 1-800-331-4331

Page 21
DISCLOSURES
1. Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of the 
country. If you would prefer a vehicle with no or different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order. 2. Entune™ is a trademark of Toyota Motor Corporation. Always drive safely, 
obey traffic laws and focus on the road while driving. Services vary by phone/carrier. Functionality depends on many factors. Services subject to change. For enrollment and more details, see toyota.com/entune. 3. May not be compatible 
with all mobile phones, MP3/WMA players and like models. 4. iPod® and iPhone® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 5. Advanced voice recognition capabilities vary by head unit. 6. The Bluetooth® word mark and 
logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such marks by Toyota is under license. A compatible Bluetooth ®-enabled phone must first be paired. Phone performance depends on software, coverage and 
carrier. 7. Apps/services vary by phone/carrier; functionality depends on many factors. Select apps use large amounts of data; you are responsible for charges. Apps and services subject to change. See toyota.com/entune for details.  
8. Always drive safely, obey traffic laws and focus on the road while driving. Siri ® is available on select iPhone ®/iPad® models and requires Internet access. Siri ® is not available in all languages or all areas and features vary by area. Some 
Siri® functionality and commands are not accessible in the vehicle. Data charges may apply. See apple.com and phone carrier for details. Siri ® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. 9. Availability and accuracy of the information provided 
by the navigation system is dependent upon many factors. Use common sense when relying on information provided. Services and programming subject to change. Services not available in every city or roadway. Updates may be available 
from your dealer at an additional cost. See Owner’s Manual for details. 10. Be sure to obey traffic regulations and maintain awareness of road and traffic conditions at all times. Apps/services vary by phone/carrier; functionality depends on 
many factors. Select apps use large amounts of data; you are responsible for charges. Apps and services subject to change. See toyota.com/entune for details. 11. HD Radio™ Technology manufactured under license from iBiquity Digital 
Corporation U.S. and Foreign Patents. HD Radio,™ and the HD, HD Radio, and “Arc” logos are proprietary trademarks of iBiquity Digital Corp. 12. SiriusXM audio services require a subscription sold separately, or as a package, by Sirius XM  
Radio Inc. If you decide to continue service after your trial, the subscription plan you choose will automatically renew thereafter and you will be charged according to your chosen payment method at then-current rates. Fees 
and taxes apply. To cancel you must call SiriusXM at 1-866-635-2349. See SiriusXM Customer Agreement for complete terms at www.siriusxm.com. All fees and programming subject to change. Not all vehicles or devices are 
capable of receiving all services offered by SiriusXM. Current information and features may not be available in all locations, or on all receivers. ©2017 Sirius XM Radio Inc. Sirius, XM, SiriusXM and all related marks and logos are trademarks 
of Sirius XM Radio Inc. 13. Trial length and service availability may vary by model, model year or trim. 14. PANDORA,® the PANDORA® logo, and the Pandora trade dress are trademarks or registered trademarks of Pandora Media, Inc., 
used with permission. 15. The backup camera does not provide a comprehensive view of the rear area of the vehicle. You should also look around outside your vehicle and use your mirrors to confirm rearward clearance. Environmental 
conditions may limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 16. CAUTION! When driving a hybrid vehicle, pay special attention to the area around the vehicle. Because there 
is little vehicle noise in EV Mode, pedestrians, people riding bicycles or other people and vehicles in the area may not be aware of the vehicle starting off or approaching them, so take extra care while driving. EV Mode works under certain 
conditions at low speeds for up to one-half mile. See Owner’s Manual for details. 17. The Smart Key System may interfere with some pacemakers or cardiac defibrillators. If you have one of these medical devices, please talk to your doctor 
to see if you should deactivate this system. 18. Vehicle Stability Control is an electronic system designed to help the driver maintain vehicle control under adverse conditions. It is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. 
Factors including speed, road conditions, weather and driver steering input can all affect whether VSC will be effective in preventing a loss of control. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 19. Brake Assist is designed 
to help the driver take full advantage of the benefits of ABS. It is not a substitute for safe driving practices. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper vehicle maintenance, and tire and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional 
limitations and details. 20. Smart Stop Technology® operates only in the event of certain contemporaneous brake and accelerator pedal applications. When engaged, the system will reduce power to help the brakes bring the vehicle to a 
stop. Factors including speed, road conditions and driver input can all impact stopping distance. Smart Stop Technology ® is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving and does not guarantee instant stopping. See Owner’s Manual for 
details. 21. Drivers are responsible for their own safe driving. Always pay attention to your surroundings and drive safely. System effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s 
Manual for additional limitations and details. 22. The TSS Pre-Collision System is designed to help avoid or reduce the crash speed and damage in certain frontal collisions only. It is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving. System 
effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 23. Lane Departure Alert is designed to read visible lane markers under certain conditions, 
and provide visual and audible alerts when lane departure is detected. It is not a collision-avoidance system or a substitute for safe and attentive driving. Effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle 
conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 
24. Automatic High Beams operate at speeds above 25 mph. Factors such as a dirty windshield, weather, lighting and terrain limit effectiveness, requiring the driver to 
manually operate the high beams. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 25. All the airbag systems are Supplemental Restraint Systems. All airbags (if installed) are designed to inflate only under certain conditions and 
in certain types of severe collisions. To decrease the risk of injury from an inflating airbag, always wear seatbelts and sit upright in the middle of the seat as far back as possible. Do not put objects in front of an airbag or around the seatback. 
Do not use a rearward-facing child seat in any front passenger seat. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 26. Whiplash-Injury-Lessening front seats can help reduce the severity of whiplash injury in certain rear-end 
collisions. 27. The Toyota Tire Pressure Monitor alerts the driver when tire pressure is critically low. For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. 
See Owner’s Manual for details. 28. This device is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. It is the driver’s responsibility to maintain a lookout for pedestrians, cyclists, other cars and objects, and to drive the vehicle in a 
safe and attentive manner to avoid making contact. 29. Hill Start Assist Control is designed to help minimize backward rolling on steep ascents.  It is not a substitute for safe driving judgment and practices. Factors including speed, grade, 
surface conditions and driver input can all affect whether HAC will be effective in preventing a loss of control. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 30. The engine immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti-theft system. When 
you insert your key into the ignition switch or bring a Smart Key fob into the vehicle, the key transmits an electronic code to the vehicle. The engine will only start if the code in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in 
the vehicle’s immobilizer. Because the transponder chip is embedded in the key/fob, it can be costly to replace. If you lose a key or fob, your Toyota dealer can help. Alternatively, you can find a qualified independent locksmith to perform 
high-security key services by consulting your local Yellow Pages or by contacting www.aloa.org. 31. Covers normal factory scheduled service for 2 years or 25K miles, whichever comes first. See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions. 
Valid only in the continental U.S. and Alaska. 32. Does not include parts and fluids, except emergency fuel delivery. Valid only in the continental U.S. and Alaska. 33. Meets Tier 2/Bin 3 Federal emissions standard. 34. Hybrid vehicle battery 
expected life is 150,000 miles based on laboratory bench testing. 35. When equipped with optional 16-in. 8-spoke alloy wheels with P195/50R16 tires. 36. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. 37. 2018 EPA-estimated 
mileage. Actual mileage will vary. 38. Extra-cost color. 39. This floor mat was designed specifically for use in your model and model year vehicle and SHOULD NOT be used in any other vehicle. To avoid potential interference with pedal 
operation, each mat must be secured with its fasteners. Do not install a floor mat on top of an existing floor mat. 40. The Toyota Genuine Accessory Warranty will only apply when the installation is performed by a trained Toyota-approved 
installer. Please see dealer for details.
CARS BUILT FOR THE WAY YOU LIVE 
At Toyota, we build cars for how you live. From building advanced safety features designed to help prevent crashes to driving cross-country to understand how we can make your driving experience better, our 
work starts with understanding your needs. Building cars for how you live also means thinking about tomorrow —  from fuel efficiency and environmental innovations, to things beyond cars, like a bicycle that 
you can control with your mind. And because what we learn building cars can help improve lives in other places, we do things like help communities rebuild their homes quickly after a disaster and work with 
soup kitchens to help them serve more people faster. Toyota. Built for how you live. Together we are going places.
Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options  
and option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions  
of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you 
would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or  
the possibility of placing a special order.
Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. For details on vehicle 
specifications, standard features and available equipment in your area, contact your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with 
particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota dealer to help locate a specifically 
equipped vehicle. 
All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice 
and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only. Prototypes shown. Actual production vehicles will vary.
