December 2025

THE ALL-NEW TOYOTA URBAN CRUISER

• Toyota extends its battery electric range with Urban Cruiser B-SUV 
• An authentic SUV in both design and performance 
• Constructed on a dedicated BEV platform 
• Customers offered two battery options – 49kWh and 61kWh – to suit their driving needs 
• Driving range of up to 264 miles (WLTP combined) 
• Flexible, spacious cabin with sliding rear seat system 
• Fully digital user experience with integrated combimeter and multimedia displays 
• Urban Cruiser joins the new bZ4X and upcoming all-new bZ4X Touring and Toyota C-HR+ to give Toyota a strong presence in all key segments of the battery electric SUV market 

INTRODUCTION

The introduction of the all-new Urban Cruiser is the latest step in the expansion of Toyota’s battery electric vehicle range to cover all key segments of the UK electric SUV market. It follows the recent launch of the new, significantly revised bZ4X and precedes the arrival in 2026 of the all-new Toyota C-HR+, bZ4X Touring, and Hilux BEV.

Supporting Toyota’s multipath philosophy, the all-electric Urban Cruiser joins the full hybrid Yaris Cross to give B-SUV customers a choice of zero and low emission powertrains, with options to best meet their mobility needs while also helping achieve meaningful reductions in CO2 emissions towards ultimate carbon neutrality.

Going further, Urban Cruiser is available with two battery options, offering different levels of performance and driving range.

The model is launched in two versions: both front-wheel drive with either a 49kWh battery or a 61kWh battery. The driving range (WLTP combined data) is up to 213 miles for the model with the 49kWh battery and 264 miles with the 61kWh battery.

The batteries feature lithium iron phosphate (LFP) chemistry, which provides enhanced

durability and cost advantages. A thermal management system helps ensure optimum battery temperature is maintained, including in very cold and hot conditions. The batteries’ lasting quality is supported by the Toyota Battery Care Programme, which guarantees a minimum 70 per cent of the unit’s original capacity is maintained over 10 years or 650,000 miles of driving (subject to an annual battery health check).

Creating an open and spacious interior was a priority in Urban Cruiser’s development. Cabin and load compartment space has been maximised through clever design and intelligent packaging of the EV powertrain components. With the benefit of a 2,700mm wheelbase, the interior is open, spacious and versatile, with a sliding and split-folding rear system that allows passenger or luggage space to be adapted with ease, rivalling the load-carrying capabilities of larger SUVs.

Information and multimedia functions are easy to access with an instrument combimeter and a multimedia display that are integrated into a single unit. On-board connectivity is supported by front and rear USB ports and wireless smartphone integration. Control goes beyond the car itself with the MyToyota app enabling owners to operate vehicle functions and monitor data remotely, such as scheduling battery charging, checking the battery’s state of charge and activating the air conditioning system before making a journey.

CHASSIS: CONSTRUCTED ON A DEDICATED BEV PLATFORM

• New, dedicated BEV platform, designed with interior space and driving range as priorities 
• Exceptional rigidity and a low centre of gravity are achieved through structural battery integration 
• Detailed measures to optimise aerodynamic performance and suppress noise and vibration 

The Urban Cruiser is constructed on a dedicated new BEV platform, developed with cabin space and optimum driving range as priorities.

The principal underfloor section dispenses with cross-members to accommodate the battery pack. The battery is protected from collision damage by an outer frame and energy absorbing side mounts.

Strength and body rigidity are high, with high-tensile steels used in key areas, with the added benefit of weight-saving. Locating the battery beneath the vehicle’s floor helps secure a low centre of gravity, which promotes stable handling and an agile driving character.

Fine-tuned aerodynamics helps reduce power consumption and maximise the car’s driving range. Features include aero covers that extend across the entire underfloor area, including the front and rear sections. The battery pack’s flat, low-profile design helps smooth the flow of air beneath the car.

Detailed measures help control noise and vibration that are potentially more noticeable in the absence of a conventional engine sound. Road noise is suppressed by the battery pack, which forms a structural member in the car, while driving and wind noise are reduced through the use of sound-insulating baffles around the vehicle and sound-insulating windscreen glass. Front eAxle mounts and a rear eAxle undercover also suppress unwelcome noise and vibration.

ALL-NEW BATTERY ELECTRIC POWERTRAIN

• Two battery capacity options – 49 and 61kWh 
• Driving range of up to 264 miles 
• 10-80 per cent battery DC fast recharging in around 45 minutes 
• Peace of mind of Toyota’s battery guarantee of 70% of original capacity maintained up to 650,000 miles driven/10 years* 

The Urban Cruiser introduces an all-new battery electric powertrain with two battery pack options. Both use lithium-iron phosphate technology, which has the benefits of durability, safety and reduced cost. With both units, the car offers prompt, linear acceleration, from start-off and at overtaking speeds.

The car is driven by a compact and efficient eAxle. This incorporates an electric motor, inverter and reduction gears in a single space-saving unit. Clever design, including a small diameter motor and a long shaft, has kept the unit small without sacrificing power and avoiding intrusion in the cabin space.

The 49 kWh contains 96 cells, has an output of 142bhp (144 DIN hp/106 kW) and produces a maximum 193Nm of torque. The driving range (WLTP combined) is up to 213 miles.

Extending customer choice, Toyota also offers a 61kWh, 120-cell battery. This produces 172bhp (174 DIN hp/135kW) and 193 Nm. The driving range is up to 264 miles.

All Urban Cruiser models can tow loads of up to 750kg.

Drivetrain FWD FWD 
Battery capacity (kWh) 49 61 
Driving range (WLTP combined, 
miles) 

213 264 
Power (bhp/DIN hp/kW) 142/144/106 172/174/128 
Torque (Nm) 193 193 
0-62mph (sec) 9.6 8.7 

A number of measures are deployed to maximise the car’s potential driving range, including a thermal management system that co-ordinates battery temperature control with the air conditioning control system to help stabilise performance in hot or cold weather, or in high load driving conditions (e.g. extended high-speed cruising and repeated rapid battery charging). In winter conditions, the system helps optimise battery temperature; in hot weather, the liquid refrigerant in the air conditioning is used to cool the battery.

Further measures include an automatic front grille shutter to optimise airflow and an energy efficient heat pump integrated into the heating and ventilation system (fitted as standard). Using seat heaters and a heated steering wheel (where provided) also supports efficient use of power.

Battery charging

When using DC charging, recharging the battery from 10 to 80 per cent takes approximately 45 minutes. Charging from 15 to 100 per cent with a 3-phase 11kW AC power supply should take around six hours, while single-phase 7kW AC charging is expected to achieve the same in about 9.5 hours.

The system includes a “My Room” charging mode that allows driver to use the air conditioning and audio system while sitting in their vehicle while charging is in progress.

Energy efficiency and battery pre-conditioning

To enhance the Urban Cruiser’s energy efficiency and optimise its driving range, the vehicle is equipped as standard with an air conditioning system featuring a heat pump.

Additionally, the driver may initiate battery pre-conditioning prior to charging, either manually within the vehicle or via the MyToyota app. This process optimises the battery temperature, ensuring that charging is conducted as efficiently and quick as possible.

Peace of mind guarantee*

In common with all new Toyota battery electric vehicles, the new Urban Cruiser promises long lasting battery quality, durability and reliability. Toyota’s Battery Care Program covers battery performance each year for up to 10 years of vehicle age or up to 650,000 miles driven, contingent on an annual battery health check.

*Toyota’s confidence in the quality of the battery is reflected in a guarantee it will retain at least 70 per cent of its capacity up to 10 years of vehicle age, covered by the original EV Manufacturing Warranty until 8 years of vehicle age or 100,000 miles, and with the Battery Care Programme up to 10 years of vehicle age or 650,000 miles driven that is activated by an annual EV health check (terms and conditions and local country conditions apply).

SELECTABLE DRIVE MODES FOR DIFFERENT DRIVING CONDITIONS

• Choice of Eco, Normal, Sport, Snow and Pedal drive modes 
• Easy operation using shift-by-wire controller 
• Pedal mode offers three deceleration levels for one-pedal control of vehicle speed 

The Urban Cruiser has up to four drive modes which the driver can select as required using button switches on the centre console.

Eco mode extends the car’s potential driving range with regulation of the air conditioning system’s power usage and moderating accelerator response to the driver’s use of the pedal.

Normal mode provides prompt power delivery for everyday driving, while Sport mode sharpens the throttle response for a more agile driving experience.

The Snow mode controls drive torque to help reduce wheel-slip when driving on snow-

•• PROTECTED 関係者外秘 covered roads.

The driver also has the option of using a Pedal mode for driving with minimal use of the brake pedal. It provides three selectable levels of deceleration when the driver comes off the throttle, allowing vehicle speed to be controlled using just the accelerator pedal. This has the added benefit of operating in a similar fashion to a regenerative braking system, capturing energy generated during deceleration that is then converted into electricity.

SUSPENSION AND BRAKES: COMFORT, STABILITY AND CONTROL

• Suspension engineered for comfort, stability and responsiveness 
• MacPherson strut front arrangement and rear multi-link system 
• Ventilated disc brakes all round and electronic parking brake 

The Urban Cruiser’s suspension is designed and tuned for comfort, stability, responsive steering performance and low noise and vibration. A MacPherson strut arrangement is used at the front and a multi-link system at the rear. High-rigidity components in the rear set-up help maintain good tyre contact with the road and improve ride comfort when travelling over uneven ground.

All four wheels are equipped with 18-inch ventilated disc brakes; those at the front have two piston callipers. An electric parking brake is provided as standard, with a convenient brake hold function.

IMPACTFUL SUV DESIGN

• Powerful exterior styling broadcasts Urban Cruiser’s SUV character 
• “Urban Tech” design theme 
• Signature Toyota “hammerhead” frontal look 
• Tight turning circle contributes to easy urban driving 

The Urban Cruiser’s exterior design broadcasts its authentic SUV quality. Developed on the theme “Urban Tech”, its sophisticated, mature styling generates a bold appearance from every angle.

Its SUV character is evident in the strong lower body treatment and robust sill and wheel arch mouldings and lower bumper sections.

The hammerhead front end is a contemporary Toyota design cue, accentuated here by a slim margin line around its leading edge. The visual effect is enhanced by slim headlight units with light guides for the horizontal LED daytime running lights and turn indicators, and a U-shaped garnish around a bi-LED that projects both headlight high and low beams. A strongly defined lower bumper with a gloss black finish accentuates the car’s wide stance.

At the rear, a powerfully designed rear lighting unit spans the width of the back door and wraps around into the car’s muscular haunches. LED lights are arranged in parallel lines to create a distinctive illumination signature.

The car’s overall dimensions are slightly greater than Toyota’s full hybrid B-SUV, Yaris Cross.

DIMENSIONS URBAN CRUISER +/- vs YARIS CROSS 
Overall length (mm) 4,285 +105 
Overall width (mm) 1,800 +35 
Overall height (mm) 1,635 +40 
Wheelbase (mm) 2,700 +140 

Although the Urban Cruiser has a longer wheelbase, its turning radius (tyre) is just 5.2m, making for easy manoeuvring in urban streets and tight parking spaces.

INTERIOR DESIGN: SPACIOUS AND VERSATILE

• Long wheelbase key to a spacious cabin 
• SUV character reflected in commanding driving position with excellent all-round visibility 
• Sliding rear seat system allows for increased room for rear seat passengers or load space as required 
• Load capacity extends to a maximum 566 litres with seats fully folded 

The Urban Cruiser benefits from a wheelbase that is long for a model in is class, at 2,700mm and key to delivering a spacious and versatile interior. A low-set instrument panel with strong

horizontal lines and a soft-touch finish amplifies the sense of space and openness.

The car’s authentic SUV character is reflected in a high driving position, with excellent all round visibility, for driver and passengers alike.

The centre console design places key controls within close reach so operation does not impact on the driver’s focus on the road ahead. They include a dial-type shift selector and electronic parking brake switch. Cup holders and, on Excel grade, a wireless smartphone charger are integrated in the design, which forms a bridge over a handy open storage tray. This lower section of the console also houses a power outlet and USB-A and USB-C ports for device connection and charging.

The rationalised design incorporates some controls in the multimedia touchscreen in place of physical switches, such as those for the seat heaters. The air conditioning system can be operated using switches or the screen.

The cabin has a smart black and grey finish with either fabric upholstery or, on the Excel model, a combination of fabric with high-quality animal-free material. The cabin atmosphere can be tailored to suit the journey or the driver’s mood with an ambient lighting system that offers a choice of 12 different colour settings and seven brightness levels, highlighting the door panels and console tray.

Thanks to a sliding rear seat system, the couple distance between the front and rear passengers can be adjusted in a range from 690 to 850mm – the latter figure rivalling that found in much larger SUVs. Adding further versatility, the rear seats split-fold 40:20:40 and can also be reclined. The overall interior length is 3,050mm.

The designed-in flexibility allows the interior to be easily adapted for extra passenger comfort or extended load space, according to need. The load compartment measures 675mm deep, 1,020mm wide and 659mm high. With the rear seats folded, the depth extends to 1,455mm.

When the rear seats are in their furthest forward position, there are 310 litres of luggage space, loading to the roof. Move the seats to their rearmost position and the volume is 244 litres. Maximum capacity, with the seats fully folded, is 566 litres.

Convenient features for rear seat passengers include two USB ports in the rear console for device charging, a smartphone tray and folding centre armrest. Design and Excel models

come equipped as standard with a Cold Pack, which brings together a range of features designed for on-board comfort and improved visibility. These include heated door mirrors and an L-shaped windscreen de-icer on the exterior. Inside the vehicle, occupants benefit from heated front seats, a heated steering wheel, and extra ducting to channel warm air to the rear of the cabin.

FULLY DIGITAL USER EXPERIENCE

• Seamless integration of 10.25-inch driver’s digital combimeter and 10.1-inch multimedia touchscreen 
• Both displays customisable to suit driver preferences 
• Wireless smartphone integration and charger 
• Access to remote and connected services via the MyToyota app 

Clarity, ease of use and personalisation are the key qualities in a digital user experience across the Urban Cruiser’s instrumentation and multimedia functions.

The instrument panel seamlessly integrates a 10.25-inch combimeter and 10.1-inch multimedia touchscreen display into a single unit. Both displays can be customised to suit the driver’s priories for information and preferences for layout and readability.

The multimedia system provides intuitive operation and prompt response. It offers both an embedded navigation system and access to efficient cloud-based route planning that is able to factor in the latest traffic flow information.

Smartphones can be wirelessly integrated with the vehicle via both Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. High grade models provide a wireless device charger as standard.

Customers can also monitor and manage their car’s performance and functions remotely using the MyToyota app. Features include management of the battery’s charging schedule and checks on its state of charge. It also provides convenience functions such as door locking and unlocking and operation of the air conditioning to warm or cool the cabin before making a journey.

SAFETY AND DRIVER ASSISTANCE

• Standard provision of extensive active safety and driving assistance features, beyond what might be expected in a B-SUV 
• Brake Support System, Adaptive Cruise Control, Lane Keep Assist and Traffic Sign Recognition provided on all Urban Cruiser models 
• Easier, safer manoeuvring with a 360-degree camera system, front and rear parking sensors, Rear Cross Traffic Alert and Blind Spot Monitor 
• Robust construction designed to protect high-voltage components in a collision 

Driving is made easier and safer with a comprehensive array of technically advanced active safety and driver assistance features. The provisions go beyond what might typically be expected of a vehicle in this segment.

All Urban Cruiser versions are equipped with a Brake Support System. Its capabilities include recognising imminent collision risks, with other vehicles, motorcycles, bicycles and pedestrians. It will first alert the driver to take action and, if necessary, initiate braking to help avoid or mitigate the consequences of an impact. If a collision does happen and an airbag is inflated, multiple collision braking is activated to help prevent a secondary impact.

Adaptive Cruise Control with Lane Keep Assist is also standard features and help ease the burden of driving by keeping the car at a selected speed and safe distance from vehicles ahead, with smooth braking and acceleration in line with the traffic flow. Lane Departure Prevention helps keep the car safely within its driving lane and Traffic Sign Recognition provide useful visual confirmation of speed limits and principal traffic warnings and commands in the driver’s instrument combimeter.

A Driving Monitor Systems constantly monitors the driver’s face and will recognise signs of them becoming tired, distracted or falling asleep. If it detects an issue, it will sound a warning and display a message recommending the driver takes a break or keeps their eyes on the road.

On the Excel grade Urban Cruiser, the LED headlights use an Adaptive High-beam System that automatically adapts forward illumination to maximise the driver’s view without dazzling oncoming traffic.

Safer driving and manoeuvring are supported by front and rear parking sensors and a Rear Cross Traffic Alert system. This warns of vehicles approaching from either side when the driver reverses out of a parking space or driveway. The specification also includes a Blind Spot Monitor, warning the driver of vehicles passing on either side that might not be visible in the door and rear-view mirrors.

Excel grade models further benefit from a 360-degree camera system. This uses four cameras around the car to provide a complete view of its surroundings, making it easier to manoeuvre in tight spaces or drive safely over rough, uneven surfaces.

In the event of a collision, the Urban Cruiser’s construction provides robust protection both for occupants and the high-voltage powertrain components. Energy-absorbing front and rear members and upper and lower load paths create an impact buffer zone in a frontal or rear end collision. In a side-on impact, energy-absorbing mounts help protect the battery.

UK MODEL RANGE AND PRICING The all-new Urban Cruiser is launched in three equipment grades – Icon, Design and Excel.

The Icon model features the 49kWh battery, 18-inch alloy wheels, a 10.1-inch multimedia display, 10.25-inch digital driver’s combimeter, auto-retracting door mirrors, the sliding rear seat system and an air conditioning unit with an energy-saving heat pump. The safety and driving assistance features include a Blind Spot Monitor, rear-view camera, Pre-Collision System, Adaptive Cruise Control, Lane Trace Assist and Road Sign Assist.

Moving up to Design grade, the specification extends to heated front seats and steering wheel and a windscreen wiper de-icer, together with the higher capacity battery.

At the top of the range the Excel version provides 19-inch alloys, a premium JBL sound system, wireless smartphone charger, a fixed glass sunroof with manual shade, LED headlights with an Adaptive High-beam System, a Panoramic View Monitor and upholstery featuring a combination of fabric and high-quality synthetic leather. Customers can specify a metallic or premium bi-tone paint finish as an option.

Model range and pricing MODEL OTR PRICE Icon £29,995 Design £33,495 Excel £35,745

TOYOTA URBAN CRUISER TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS DRIVETRAIN Electric motors Type Permanent magnet, synchronous motor Driven wheels Front Total power (bhp/DIN hp/kW) 142/144/106 172/174/128 Max. torque (Nm) 193 193 Differential gear ratio 13.925 13.925 Battery Type Lithium-iron phosphate Nominal voltage 305 381 Capacity (kWh) 49 61 Number of cells 96 120 Max, charging power AC (kW) 11 11 Max, charging power DC (kW) 53 67 PERFORMANCE 0-62mph (sec) 9.6 8.7 Max. speed (mph) 93 Driving range – WLTP (miles)

Icon 213 -Design - 264 Excel - 264 Power consumption (WLTP, kWh/100 miles)

24

DIMENSIONS 
Overall length (mm) 4,285 
Overall width – excluding 
mirrors (mm) 

1,800

Overall width – including mirrors (mm)

2,065 
Overall height (mm) 1,635 
Wheelbase (mm) 2,700 
Track front (mm) 1,540 
Track rear (mm) 1,545 
Front overhang (mm) 815 
Rear overhang (mm) 770 
INTERIOR DIMENSIONS 
Interior length (mm) 3,050 

Interior height (mm) 1,188 Load capacity (rear seats forward, up to tonneau cover, litres)

310

Load capacity (rear seats back, up to tonneau cover, litres)

244

Load capacity (rear seats folded)

566

WEIGHTS Kerb weight (kg) 1,700-1,742 1,760-1,839 Gross vehicle weight (kg) 2,180 2,250 Towing capacity (kg) 750

INSURANCE, SERVICING & 
WARRANTY 
Insurance group TBC 
Service intervals 10,000 miles/annually 
Comprehensive new vehicle 
warranty 

3 years/60,000 miles

Battery warranty 8 years/100,000 miles 10 years/650,000 miles with EV Care Battery Health Check

SUSPENSION 
Front MacPherson strut 
Rear Multi-link 
BRAKES 
Front Ventilated discs 
Rear Ventilated discs 
Parking brake Electronic 
STEERING 
Type Rack and pinion, electric power steering 
Turns (lock to lock) TBC 
Min. turning radius (tyre, m) 5.2 

WHEELS & TYRES Wheel and tyre size 18in alloy 225/55R18 19in alloy 225/50R19

TOYOTA URBAN CRUISER EQUIPMENT SPECIFICATIONS SAFETY & DRIVING ASSISTANCE ICON DESIGN EXCEL Pre-Collision System with intersection turn assist ✓ ✓ ✓

Full-range intelligent Adaptive Cruise Control ✓ ✓ ✓

Lane Trace Assist ✓ ✓ ✓

Lane Departure Alert ✓ ✓ ✓

Road Sign Assist ✓ ✓ ✓

Automatic High Beam (AHB)/Automatic High-beam System (AHS)

## ✓ (AHB)

✓ (AHB)

✓ (AHS)

Driver’s airbag ✓ ✓ ✓ Front passenger airbag with cut-off switch ✓ ✓ ✓ Front centre airbag ✓ ✓ ✓ Front side airbags ✓ ✓ ✓ Rear side airbags ✓ ✓ ✓ ISOFIX child seat fixings on outer rear seats ✓ ✓ ✓ Hill-start Assist Control (HAC) ✓ ✓ ✓ Automatic door locking ✓ ✓ ✓ Tyre pressure warning system ✓ ✓ ✓ Blind Spot Monitor ✓ ✓ ✓ eCall ✓ ✓ ✓

INSTRUMENTS & CONTROLS ICON DESIGN EXCEL 10.25 multi-information digital display ✓ ✓ ✓ Electronic parking brake ✓ ✓ ✓ Drive mode selector ✓ ✓ ✓

COMFORT & CONVENIENCE ICON DESIGN EXCEL Front and rear power windows with auto up/down ✓ ✓ ✓ Auto-dimming rear-view mirror ✓ ✓ ✓ Reversing camera ✓ ✓ ✓ Front and rear parking sensors ✓ ✓ ✓ Panoramic View Monitor   ✓ Tilt and telescopic steering wheel adjustment ✓ ✓ ✓ Heated steering wheel  ✓ ✓ Auxiliary switches on steering wheel ✓ ✓ ✓ Automatic windscreen wipers ✓ ✓ ✓

Automatic headlights ✓ ✓ ✓ Manual headlight levelling ✓ ✓  Automatic headlight levelling   ✓ Smart entry and push-button start ✓ ✓ ✓ Illuminated entry system ✓ ✓ ✓ Front wiper de-icer  ✓ ✓ 12V power outlet in front cabin ✓ ✓ ✓ Hard tonneau cover ✓ ✓ ✓ Automatic air conditioning ✓ ✓ ✓ Rear air vent ducts  ✓ ✓ Energy-saving heat pump ✓ ✓ ✓

AUDIO, COMMUNICATION & INFORMATION ICON DESIGN EXCEL 4-speaker audio system ✓ ✓  JBL 8-speaker premium audio   ✓ 10.1in multimedia display ✓ ✓ ✓ DAB radio ✓ ✓ ✓ Apple CarPlay & Android Auto smartphone connection ✓ ✓ ✓ Wireless smartphone charger   ✓ Bluetooth ✓ ✓ ✓ USB-A and USB-C ports (x2 front and rear) ✓ ✓ ✓ Data Communication Module (DCM) ✓ ✓ ✓ Access to connected/remote services with MyToyota app ✓ ✓ ✓

SECURITY ICON DESIGN EXCEL Transponder engine immobiliser ✓ ✓ ✓ Remote control central double locking ✓ ✓ ✓ Intrusion alarm ✓ ✓ ✓

SEATING, UPHOLSTERY & TRIM ICON DESIGN EXCEL 40:20:40 split-fold rear seats ✓ ✓ ✓ Power adjustable driver’s seat   ✓ Heated front seats  ✓ ✓ Slide-adjustable rear seats ✓ ✓ ✓ Black fabric upholstery ✓ ✓  Combination black fabric/synthetic leather upholstery   ✓ Ambient cabin lighting -12 colours ✓ ✓ ✓

EXTERIOR & BODY ICON DESIGN EXCEL

LED projector headlights ✓ ✓ ✓ Follow-me-home headlight function ✓ ✓ ✓ LED daytime running lights ✓ ✓ ✓ Fixed sunroof with manual shade   ✓ Rear privacy glass ✓ ✓ ✓ Rear spoiler ✓ ✓ ✓ Shark fin antenna ✓ ✓ ✓ Heated door mirrors  ✓ ✓ Auto-retracting door mirrors ✓ ✓ ✓ Nimbus Blue metallic paint ✓ ✓ ✓

Metallic/pearlescent paint Opt Opt Opt Bi-tone paint finish   Opt Black wheel arch mouldings ✓ ✓ ✓ 18in alloy wheels with wheel caps ✓ ✓  19in alloy wheels   ✓ Tyre repair kit ✓ ✓ ✓

ENDS

