2017 Yaris iA

Page 2
Yaris iA shown in Graphite and Yaris 5-Door SE shown in Blue Streak Metallic. Prototypes shown. Production models will vary.

Page 3
Serious about style  
and fun?
It’s time to crank up the attitude and amp up the fun. The 2017 Toyota 
Yaris iA is here for the go-getters, the influencers; those who live life on 
the cutting edge and appreciate great value. Its subcompact size is ready 
for the city, and its spacious cabin comfortably fits your friends and your 
favorite gear. Unmistakable style and advanced tech help put you at the 
center of all the attention. With its lively acceleration and inspired handling, 
you’ll be smiling every time you get behind the wheel. Let’s go places.
YARIS iA
ALLOY WHEELS
Standard 16-in. alloy wheels keep you rolling 
in style. These split 5-spoke wheels not only 
look good, they help keep you in tune with 
the sporty side of Yaris iA. 
SPORTY SUSPENSION
Find more excitement in every corner. Yaris iA 
features MacPherson strut front suspension 
and torsion beam rear suspension tuned to 
deliver a smooth ride and agile handling. 

See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
60/40 SPLIT FOLD-DOWN SEATS
Yaris iA will surprise you in a lot of ways — 
including how many of your favorite things  
you can fit inside. With its standard, versatile 
60/40 split fold-down rear seats, you’ll be  
packing more stuff in Yaris iA than you  
thought possible.
SPORT MODE BUTTON
Release your inner driver. The available Sport 
button on the center console of Yaris iA allows 
you to enable Sport Mode, in which the engine 
control unit and shift points are adjusted to give  
a sportier feel to your drive.
HANDS-FREE PHONE CAPABILITY
With Bluetooth
®7 wireless technology standard  
in every Yaris iA, your phone can stay in your 
pocket and you can still access it from your car. 
This means easier access to your music, phone 
calls and more — all while helping you keep your 
hands on the wheel and your eyes on the road.
REMOTE KEYLESS ENTRY WITH PUSH 
BUTTON START
Yaris iA comes standard with remote keyless  
entry with Push Button Start. You can lock and 
unlock the doors, and open the trunk, with the 
easy-to-use key fob. Once inside, you can keep 
the key fob in your pocket or bag and start  
Yaris iA with the Push Button Start.
A stylishly cool driving experience. 
Yaris iA brings big-size comfort to a fun-size ride. Its thoughtfully crafted interior surrounds you  
with both style and substance thanks to standard features like contoured sport seats and steering  
wheel-mounted controls. Contrast stitching on the dash and carbon fiber-inspired trim pieces 
throughout convey a sense of sportiness, and the available 6-speed automatic with manual 
mode gives you more control of your drive. With a standard 7-in. touch-screen display, two USB 
ports
4
 and Bluetooth
®7
 connectivity, you’ve got instant access to your friends and music, too. 
INTERIOR

INTERIOR
Yaris iA interior shown in Mid-Blue Black. Prototype shown with options. Production model may vary.

See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
LOW-SPEED PRE-COLLISION SYSTEM10
The Low-Speed Pre-Collision System10 is designed to detect 
certain objects on the road ahead of you and can, under certain 
conditions, apply the brakes to help avoid a collision.
LATCH
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) provides an 
added measure of safety for the smaller members of your family. 
LATCH includes lower anchors on the outboard rear seats and 
tether anchors on all rear seats.
TIRE PRESSURE MONITOR SYSTEM
15
Our advanced Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS)15 comes 
standard on every Yaris iA. Designed to monitor the tire  
pressure at all times, it alerts the driver when a tire or tires  
become critically underinflated.
Committed to safety.
Yaris iA comes packed with lots of standard safety features. Along with its six airbags,
14
 every Yaris iA  
comes standard with an advanced Active Safety System that includes Dynamic Stability Control (DSC),
11
  
Traction Control System (TCS), Brake Assist (BA),
12
 Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), Anti-lock  
Brake System (ABS) and Brake Over-ride System (BOS).
13
 
SAFETY

See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
iA CHOICES
Powertrain
• 1 .5L 4-Cylinder Engine with 106 hp @ 6000 rpm
• 
 6
-speed manual transmission or 6-speed automatic transmission 
•
 3
0 city/39 highway estimated mpg 20 (manual)
•
 3
2 city/40 highway estimated mpg 20 (automatic)
Exterior Features
• 1 6-in. split 5-spoke alloy wheels
•
  P
ower outside mirrors with LED turn signal indicators
• Chr
ome-tipped exhaust
•
 D
aytime Running Lights (DRL) 
Interior Features 
• 7 -in. touch-screen display audio
•
 I
ntegrated backup camera 2
• R emote keyless entry w/Push Button Start
•
  T
ilt/telescopic steering wheel with audio controls
•
 2 U
SB ports4 with iPod®5 connectivity
•
 6
0/40 split fold-down rear seats
Safety/Convenience
• L ow-Speed Pre-Collision System 10
•  A ctive Safety System — includes Dynamic Stability Control (DSC), 11 
Traction Control System (TCS), Brake Assist (BA), 12 Electronic  
Brake-force Distribution (EBD), Anti-lock Brake System (ABS),  
Brake Over-ride System (BOS) 13
COLOR/TRIM/WHEELS
Color
Stealth Abyss
Sapphire Pulse
Graphite Chromium
Frost
Trim
Accessories
Mid-Blue Black
Doorsill enhancements
Rear spoiler
Carpet trunk mat
Mudguards
Wheel
Split 5-spoke alloy wheel
A wide range of Genuine Toyota Accessories is available to help make 
driving your Yaris iA even more fun. Now your Yaris iA can reflect your 
personal style. There is something for everyone. Some accessories 
may not be available in all regions of the country. For a complete list of 
accessories, go to toyota.com/yarisia.

See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
FEATURES1
16-in. split 5-spoke alloy wheels  S
185/60R16 tires S
Power outside mirrors with LED turn signal indicators  S
Variable intermittent front windshield wipers  S
Rear window defogger  S
Chrome-tipped exhaust  S
Daytime Running Lights (DRL)  S
Halogen headlights  S
EXTERIOR
Air conditioning  S
Backup camera 2 S
Power windows w/driver-side auto up/down and jam protection  S
Power door locks S
Remote keyless entry w/Push Button Start  S
Digital clock S
Analog speedometer  S
Tachometer S
Tripmeter S
Tilt/telescopic steering wheel with audio controls  S
Cruise control S
Fabric-trimmed sport front bucket seats  S
6-way adjustable driver’s seat and 4-way adjustable passenger’s seat S
Height-adjustable driver’s seat S
60/40 split fold-down rear seats  S
Dual sun visors with vanity mirrors  S
4-piece carpeted floor mats 3 S
7-in. touch-screen display audio  S
Integrated AM/FM antenna  S
Auxiliary audio jack  S
Two USB ports4 with iPod®5 connectivity  S
Hands-free phone capability and music streaming 6 via Bluetooth®7 wireless technology  S
Six speakers S
AM/FM HD Radio™ Technology 8 plus Connected Services Suite  S
Voice recognition 9 S
Steering wheel controls  S
INTERIOR
Low-Speed Pre-Collision System 10  S
Active Safety System — includes Dynamic Stability Control (DSC),11 Traction Control System (TCS),  
Brake Assist (BA),12 Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD), Anti-lock Brake System (ABS)   
and Brake Over-ride System (BOS)13 S
Driver and front passenger airbag 14 system S 
Driver and front passenger seat-mounted side airbags 14 S
Front and rear side-curtain airbags 14 S
3-point seatbelts for all seating positions; driver-side Emergency Locking Retractor (ELR)  
and Automatic/Emergency Locking Retractors (ALR/ELR) on all passenger belts 
 S
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) includes lower anchors on outboard  
rear seats and tether anchors on all rear seats 
 S
Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS) 15 S
First aid kit  S
Engine immobilizer 16  S
ToyotaCare17 featuring a no cost maintenance plan with roadside assistance 18  S
SAFETY AND CONVENIENCE
 iA  iA
S = Standard O = Optional 

See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
SPECIFICATIONS
MECHANICAL/PERFORMANCE
ENGINE
1.5-Liter 4-Cylinder DOHC 16-Valve Variable Valve Timing with  
intelligence (VVT-i); 106 hp @ 6000 rpm; 103 lb.-ft. @ 4000 rpm
 S
Bore x Stroke (mm) 7 6.0 x 82.6
Compression ratio
 1
2.0 : 1
EMISSION RATING
Ultra Low Emission Vehicle II (ULEV-II)
 S
TRANSMISSION
6-speed manual transmission
 S
6-speed automatic transmission  O
FUEL-INJECTION SYSTEM 
Di
rect injection 
 S
DRIVETRAIN
Front-Wheel Drive (FWD)
 S
BODY CONSTRUCTION
Unitized body 
 S
SUSPENSION
Independent MacPherson strut front suspension with stabilizer bar;  
torsion beam rear suspension
 S
STEERING
Sport-tuned Electric Power Steering (EPS); power-assisted rack-and-pinion
 S
Turning circle diameter, curb to curb (ft.)  3 2.2
Min. Turning Radius (ft.)
 1
6.1
BRAKES
Power-assisted ventilated front disc brakes; rear drum brakes
 S
DRIVING MODE
Sport Mode
 O
DIMENSIONS
EXTERIOR (in.)  
Overall height 5
8.5
Overall width 
 6
6.7
Overall length 
 1
71.7
Wheelbase 
 1
01.2
Track (front/rear) 58.
9/58.5
Ground clearance  5
.5
INTERIOR (front/rear) (in.)
Head room
 3
8.2/36.8
Shoulder room 
 5
3.1/50.0
Leg room 
 4
1.9/34.4
WEIGHTS AND CAPACITIES
Curb weight (lb.)
 2
385
EPA passenger volume (cu. ft.) 
 8
5.9
Cargo volume (cu. ft.)19 13.49
F
uel tank (gal.) 
 1
1.6
Seating capacity  5
TIRES
A
ll-season S
Temporary S
MILEAGE ESTIMATES (mpg city/highway/combined)20
6-speed automatic transmission  3 2/40/35
6-speed manual transmission  30
/39/34
S = Standard O = Optional 
WARRANTIES
Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle boasting. We back it up  
with these Limited Warranty Coverages:
Basic: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear and maintenance items). 
Powertrain: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, drive system, seatbelts and airbags). 
Rust-Through: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation of sheet metal). 
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable Warranty and  
Maintenance
 Guide for details. 
Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle purchase, the Toyota  
Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles from the vehicle’s in-service date, which  
is the same coverage as the Toyota New Vehicle Limited Warranty. 
For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage is 12 months,  
regardless of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the vehicle, or the remainder of any  
applicable new vehicle warranty, whichever provides greater coverage, with the exception of car covers.  
Car covers are warranted for 12 months from the date of purchase and do not assume any coverage under  
the Toyota New Vehicle Limited Warranty. 
You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be kept overnight for repairs 
covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota dealership for further details. 
For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to the applicable Warranty  
and Maintenance
 Guide or see your Toyota dealer.
 iA  iA

CARS BUILT FOR THE WAY YOU LIVE 
At Toyota, we build cars for how you live. From building advanced safety features designed to help prevent crashes to driving cross-country to understand how we can make your driving experience better, our 
work starts with understanding your needs. Building cars for how you live also means thinking about tomorrow — from fuel efficiency and environmental innovations, to things beyond cars, like a bicycle that 
you can control with your mind. And because what we learn building cars can help improve lives in other places, we do things like help communities rebuild their homes quickly after a disaster and work with 
soup kitchens to help them serve more people faster. Toyota. Built for how you live. Together we are going places.
DISCLOSURES
1. Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of the 
country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of 
placing a special order.
 2. The backup camera does not provide a comprehensive view of the rear area of the vehicle. You should also look around outside your vehicle and use your mirrors to confirm rearward clearance. Environmental 
conditions may limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for details.
 3. This floor mat was designed specifically for use in your model and model year vehicle and SHOULD NOT be used in any other vehicle. 
To avoid potential interference with pedal operation, each mat must be secured with fasteners. Do not install a floor mat on top of an existing floor mat.
 4. May not be compatible with all mobile phones, MP3/WMA players and like models.
5. iPod® and iPhone® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. All rights reserved. 6. Apps/services vary by phone/carrier; functionality depends on many factors. Select apps use large amounts of data; you are responsible for charges. Apps 
and services subject to change. See toyota.com/entune for details.
 7. Concentrating on the road should always be your first priority while driving. Do not use the hands-free phone system if it will distract you. The Bluetooth® word mark and 
logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Toyota is under license. A compatible Bluetooth ®-enabled phone must first be paired. Phone performance depends on software, coverage and 
carrier.
 8. Be sure to obey traffic regulations and maintain awareness of road and traffic conditions at all times. HD Radio™ Technology manufactured under license from iBiquity Digital Corporation U.S. and Foreign Patents. HD Radio™ and 
the HD, HD Radio, and “Arc” logos are proprietary trademarks of iBiquity Digital Corp.
 9. Advanced voice recognition capabilities vary by head unit. 10. Low-Speed Pre-Collision System operates at speeds of 18 mph or less. It is intended 
to assist the driver, but it is the driver’s responsibility to be aware of the vehicle’s surroundings. The system cannot prevent all collisions, and performance is dependent upon road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for 
details.
 11. Dynamic Stability Control is an electronic system designed to help the driver maintain vehicle control under adverse conditions. It is not a substitute for safe driving practices. Factors including speed, road conditions and driver 
steering input can all affect whether DSC will be effective in preventing a loss of control. See Owner’s Manual for details.
 12. Brake Assist is designed to help the driver take full advantage of the benefits of ABS. It is not a substitute for safe 
driving practices. Braking effectiveness also depends on proper brake-system maintenance and tire and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for details.
 13. Brake Over-ride System operates only in the event of certain simultaneous brake 
and gas pedal applications. When engaged, the system will reduce engine power to help the brakes bring the vehicle to a stop. Factors including speed, road conditions and driver input can all impact stopping distance. Brake Over-ride 
System is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving and does not guarantee instant stopping. See Owner’s Manual for details.
 14. All the airbag systems are Supplemental Restraint Systems. All airbags (if installed) are designed to inflate 
only under certain conditions and in certain types of severe collisions: typically, frontal and knee airbags inflate in frontal collisions, side torso and side curtain airbags inflate in side collisions and roll-sensing curtain airbags inflate at a severe 
roll angle or roll rate. To decrease the risk of injury from an inflating airbag, always wear seatbelts, sit upright in the middle of the seat as far back as possible and do not lean against the door. Do not put objects in front of an airbag or around 
the seatback. Do not use a rearward-facing child seat in any front passenger seat. The force of an inflating airbag may cause serious injury or death. See your Owner’s Manual for further information/warnings.
 15. The Toyota Tire Pressure 
Monitor alerts the driver when tire pressure is critically low. For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. See Owner’s Manual for details.
 16. The 
engine immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti-theft system. When you insert your key into the ignition switch or bring a Smart Key fob into the vehicle, the key transmits an electronic code to the vehicle. The engine will only start if the code 
in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in the vehicle’s immobilizer. Because the transponder chip is embedded in the key/fob, it can be costly to replace. If you lose a key or fob, your Toyota dealer can help, or you 
can find a qualified independent locksmith to perform high-security key services by consulting your local Yellow Pages or by contacting www.aloa.org.
 17. ToyotaCare covers normal factory scheduled service for 2 years or 25,000 miles, 
whichever comes first. 24-hour roadside assistance is also included for 2 years and unlimited miles. See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions. Valid only in the continental U.S. and Alaska.
 18. Does not include parts and fluids, except 
emergency fuel delivery. Valid only in the continental U.S. and Alaska.
 19. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution.  20. 2017 EPA-estimated city/highway mileage. Actual mileage will vary.
Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and 
option packages. Not all options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of 
the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would 
prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the 
possibility of placing a special order. Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn 
at all times. For details on vehicle specifications, standard features and available equipment in your area, contact 
your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota 
dealer to help locate a specifically equipped vehicle. 
All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice 
and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only. Prototypes shown. Actual production vehicles may vary.
For Toyota Mobility program details, go to www.toyota.com/mobility  
or call the Toyota Customer Assistance Center at 1-800-331-4331
