Page 1
2021 Land Cruiser
Page 2
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
2021 LAND CRUISER
Elevate your status,  
figuratively and literally.
The ultimate expression of luxury and capability, 
the 2021 Toyota Land Cruiser is ready to make an 
impression wherever you go. A powerful 381-hp V8  
and legendary off-road1 prowess help you tackle  
some of the toughest terrain, while inside, spacious 
heated and ventilated perforated leather-trimmed 
front seats let you enjoy it all in comfort.
Heritage Edition shown in Midnight Black Metallic.
Do not overload your vehicle. 
See Owner’s Manual for weight limits and restrictions. 
Page 3
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
INTERIOR
A sophisticated 
explorer.
No matter the terrain. No matter the distance. 
No matter the obstacle. For over 60 years, Land 
Cruiser has conquered the globe, leaving behind 
a reputation of toughness and reliability. It’s 
time to see what icons are truly made of.
Impressive design  
True to its off-road heritage, Land Cruiser is 
built on a rugged 10-member high-tensile 
steel ladder frame for reduced flex and 
enhanced durability. So whether you’re 
traversing uncharted terrain or enjoying  
a night on the town, you can rest assured 
that you’ll always arrive in style. 
LED lighting
Land Cruiser features powerful lighting up 
front to help light your way. The headlights 
utilize LED elements for both the low and 
high beams, giving you bright, efficient 
light when you need it. And when the 
weather turns sour, integrated LED fog 
lights help you see and be seen. 
Powerful grille 
When you’re a legend, it’s okay to show  
off a little. Up front, the chrome grille 
blends into the LED headlights for added  
sophistication. A sculpted hood hints at  
the powerful V8 underneath, and its front  
fenders show that this SUV is ready to  
flex its muscle. 
Off-roading is inherently dangerous. Abusive use may 
result in bodily harm or vehicle damage. Wear seatbelts  
at all times and do not allow passengers in cargo area.
Land Cruiser shown in Blizzard Pearl.2 Below left: Land Cruiser shown in Blizzard Pearl.2 Below center: Heritage Edtion  
shown in Midnight Black Metallic. Below right: Heritage Edition shown in Blizzard Pearl.2
Page 4
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
PERFORMANCE
The legend lives on.
Paying homage to the legends that came before is the Land Cruiser Heritage 
Edition. As the latest extension of the iconic badge, it celebrates where it’s been 
while continuing the tradition of extreme capability and luxurious comfort. 
Functional styling 
Outfitted to overcome more of what the 
trails throw at you. Removing the running 
boards and lower chrome body moldings  
found on standard Land Cruiser not  
only gives Heritage Edition a clean look, 
but also helps it avoid damage when 
crawling over obstacles.  
18-in. bronze-colored BBS®  
alloy wheels 
Tough and lightweight, bronze-colored 
BBS®3 18-in. forged-aluminum alloy 
wheels add to Heritage Edition’s  
unmistakable presence. 
Off-roading is inherently dangerous. Abusive use  
may result in bodily harm or vehicle damage. Wear 
seatbelts at all times and do not allow passengers  
in cargo area.
Darkened chrome-finished  
surrounds 
Heritage Edition cleans up nicely.  
Darkened chrome-finished surrounds 
and side mirrors with darkened chrome- 
finished details give Heritage Edition  
a polished look up close. And after 
the sun goes down, fog lights with  
dark chrome-finished surrounds and 
darkened headlight housings add to  
its sophisticated stare. 
Bronze-colored contrast  
stitching 
See and feel the dedication to  
every detail. The bronze theme  
continues inside and highlights  
Heritage Edition’s uniqueness with 
bronze-colored contrast stitching  
used on the steering wheel, door  
trim, center stack, console and  
leather-trimmed seats. 
Purposeful interior 
Inside, luxury and capability effortlessly 
blend together. Heritage Edition seats  
up to eight and reveals an interior filled 
with purpose. From materials that raise 
its premium feel to ample cargo space 
that lets you bring more of what you 
need, get ready to take every trip to  
the next level.
Iconic badging 
Land Cruiser Heritage Edition’s signature 
badging takes inspiration from the  
original FJ40 and is used to pay homage 
to the decades of legends that came 
before it.
Page 5
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
INTERIOR
An upgrade in 
presence.
There are family SUVs. And then there are SUVs that 
are versatile enough to accommodate even the 
extended family. Second- and available third-row 
seats allow passengers to ride in the lap of luxury. 
If more cargo room is in demand, fold down both 
rows to reveal over 80 cu. ft. of cargo space.5
Leather-trimmed, heated steering wheel 
Land Cruiser’s leather-trimmed steering wheel is  
not only heated, but also features controls for the  
audio system, Multi-Information Display (MID) and  
Bluetooth®6 wireless technology.  
Ventilated and heated seats 
Observe your surroundings from the comfort of 
leather-trimmed, multi-stage heated and ventilated 
front seats. The second-row seats also feature  
multi-stage heating, so your passengers won’t be  
left in the cold. 
Seating for up to eight  
Expeditions often require the assistance of an entire 
crew. Fortunately, Land Cruiser’s spacious cabin  
offers seating for up to eight. And everyone can ride 
in comfort, thanks to multi-stage heated and ventilated  
front seats, a multi-stage heated 40/20/40 split  
second-row seat with center armrest, and an available  
50/50 split third-row seat.  
Rear-seat DVD entertainment system 
Rear-seat passengers can personalize their  
entertainment options with the available rear-seat  
DVD entertainment system.4 The latest movies, video 
games and more can be enjoyed on the two 11.6-in. 
screens placed behind the driver and front passenger 
seats. So no matter where your expedition takes you, 
the comforts of home can come along for the ride. 
Moonroof 
Let’s open up to the world. Land Cruiser’s power 
moonroof lets you enjoy everything from a cool 
breeze to a breathtaking view of the night sky.   
Land Cruiser shown in Black semi-aniline perforated leather trim. Bottom left,  
Bottom center and left: Land Cruiser shown in Terra semi-aniline  
perforated leather trim with available rear-seat DVD entertainment system.4
Page 6
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
PERFORMANCE
Tame every  
 terrain.
Land Cruiser has earned a loyal following from 
around the world. And its loyalty is well earned 
thanks to its off-road1 performance enabled 
by sophisticated technologies. With over six 
decades of know-how, Land Cruiser is more 
than ready to raise the bar on every adventure.
5.7L V8 
With power comes confidence. Land Cruiser’s Double 
Overhead Cam (DOHC) 32-valve V8 develops 381 horse-
power and 401 lb.-ft. of torque, but that’s only part of the 
story. Technologies such as Dual Independent Variable 
Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i) and an Acoustic 
Control Induction System (ACIS) help maximize usable 
power throughout the rpm range.
Skid plates 
Land Cruiser’s undercarriage is equipped with reinforced 
skid plates to protect crucial areas like the front suspension,  
radiator, fuel tank and transfer case.
Suspension  
Land Cruiser rides on an independent double-wishbone 
suspension with coil springs and stabilizer bar up front, 
and a 4-link rear suspension with coil springs, stabilizer 
bar and semi-floating axle in the rear. It’s a proven system 
that has stood the test of time.
Off-roading is inherently dangerous. Abusive use may result in bodily  
harm or vehicle damage. Wear seatbelts at all times and do not allow  
passengers in cargo area.
Heritage Edtioin shown in Midnight Black Metallic. Center left: Land Cruiser shown in 
Midnight Black Metallic. Bottom right: Heritage Edition shown in Blizzard Pearl.2
Page 7
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Many SUVs claim off-road 
prowess, but few can actually 
deliver when you need it most. 
So when you have serious 
terrain to conquer, Land 
Cruiser’s impressive off-road 
capabilities help you prevail.1
CABABILITY
Go to where simple 
SUVs simply can’t.
Multi-Terrain Select 
Multi-Terrain Select (MTS) is an innovative 
system that helps control wheelspin  
and brake lockup to optimize driving  
performance over five of the most  
common off-road surfaces: Rock, Rock &  
Dirt, Mogul, Loose Rock and Mud & Sand.
Multi-Terrain Monitor 
Multi-Terrain Monitor (MTM)7 helps you 
check your immediate surroundings for 
potential trouble. Simply press a button 
to display front, rear and side camera 
views on the 9-in. navigation screen. 
Crawl Control with  
Off-road Turn Assist 
Crawl Control (CRAWL)9 is an advanced 
system that automatically modulates the 
throttle and brakes on five low-speed 
settings. Off-road Turn Assist1 allows for 
a tighter turning radius in Crawl Control 
mode in order to navigate turns when 
off-road.
Torsen® limited-slip differential  
Land Cruiser’s Torsen®8 limited-slip 
center differential is engineered to 
automatically send more power to the 
wheel or axle with the most traction, 
and is equipped with a locking feature 
so you can manually select 50/50 front/
rear power distribution in extremely 
traction-limited situations. 
Off-roading is inherently dangerous. Abusive  
use may result in bodily harm or vehicle damage. 
Wear seatbelts at all times and do not allow  
passengers in cargo area.Kinetic Dynamic  
Suspension System
The Kinetic Dynamic Suspension System 
(KDSS) helps keep optimal traction,  
no matter how uneven the terrain is.  
When activated, KDSS automatically  
disconnects the sway bar and adjusts  
the suspension system for better wheel 
articulation.
Heritage Edition shown in Blizzard Pearl2 
Center and bottom left: Heritage Edtion  
shown in Midnight Black Metallic.
Page 8
CONNECTED SERVICES & AUDIO MULTIMEDIA
Amplify  
your drive. 
Take advantage of smarter and convenient  
technologies designed to simplify your  
everyday life. From a suite of services that  
are there for you 24/7 to an immersive audio  
multimedia system, you can stay connected  
to your world.
Audio Multimedia
Make every drive more personal. By utilizing your Land 
Cruiser’s audio multimedia capabilities, you’ll always have 
access to what you want. Whether it’s listening to your  
favorite playlist or finding the most scenic route to your  
destination, you’ll enjoy the convenience of connectivity.
Connected Services10
When the unexpected occurs, Safety Connect®11 is ready  
to help. Drivers can be connected to our response center  
at the touch of a button. You can get Roadside Assistance,12  
and in case of an accident or emergency, an agent can  
notify local emergency services to request dispatch to  
the vehicle’s location. 
To view included trial details, please visit  
toyota.com/connected-services.
JBL®
Feel the difference and hear the truth. Designed  
specifically for Toyota, JBL®15 finely tunes each speaker  
to the interior of the vehicle. Just turn up the volume  
to hear the crisp, rich, vibrant sound come through.
SiriusXM® All Access 3-month trial subscription
Enjoy listening to what you want to hear. With SiriusXM, ®13  
you get the deepest variety of ad-free music, more sports  
coverage than anywhere else, exclusive talk channels, every 
kind of comedy, and the most complete news coverage.14 
Feature availability may vary by model grade. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Heritage Edition shown in Midnight Black Metallic.
Bottom: Heritage Edition interior shown in Black leather trim.
Page 9
TOYOTA SAFETY SENSE™ P (TSS-P)
Peace of mind 
comes standard.
Toyota Safety Sense™  P (TSS-P)16 is a bundle of  
active safety features included on many new  
Toyota vehicles at no additional cost. TSS-P’s  
comprehensive features create in-the-moment  
safety designed to help protect you and your  
passengers from harm. 
Pre-Collision System with  
Pedestrian Detection17
Dynamic Radar Cruise Control18
Lane Departure Alert19
Automatic High Beams20
For more information, visit toyota.com/safety-sense. Feature availability may vary by model grade. See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Page 10
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
Heritage Edition  
18-in Bronze-colored BBS®3 forged  
aluminum alloy wheel
18-in. alloy wheel
LAND CRUISER COLORS & TRIMS
Midnight Black Metallic Magnetic Gray Metallic
LAND CRUISER WHEELS
Classic Silver Metallic Blizzard Pearl2
LAND CRUISER ACCESSORIES
This is a great way to add extra personality to your Land Cruiser. Not every accessory is available 
in your area, so for a complete list of accessories, go to toyota.com/landcruiser/accessories.
All-weather floor mats21 Cargo mat5
Black semi-aniline  
perforated leather trim
Terra semi-aniline  
perforated leather trim
Heritage Edition perforated leather 
with bronze-colored stitching
Page 11
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
LAND CRUISER MODELS
Land Cruiser
Includes these key features
Mechanical/Performance
 5.7L V8 with 381 hp
  8-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission
 Full-time 4WD with Active Traction Control (A-TRAC)
  Torsen®8 limited-slip differential with locking feature
 Multi-Terrain Select (MTS)
 Crawl Control (CRAWL) 9
 Off-road Turn Assist (OTA) 1
 Kinetic Dynamic Suspension System (KDSS)
 Towing capacity 22 — 8100 lbs.
 Fording depth — 27.55 in.
 Angle of approach/departure — 32/24 degrees
 13 city/17 highway/14 combined EPA-est. mpg 23
Exterior Features
 Projector-beam LED low-/high-beam headlights
 18-in. split-spoke alloy wheels
  Skid plates on front suspension, radiator, fuel tank  
and transfer case
 Bird’s Eye View Camera24
 Running boards
 Chrome side body molding
Interior Features
 Seating for eight
 Four-zone automatic climate control
  Semi-aniline perforated leather-trimmed  
seating surfaces  
- Multi-stage heated and ventilated front seats 
- 40/20/40 split, sliding, reclining, folding,  
   tumble second-row seats  
- Multi-stage heated second-row seat 
- 50/50 split fold-down third-row seat
 Center console with cooler box
 Smart Key System 25 with Push Button Start
Audio Multimedia
   Premium Audio includes:  
- 9-in. touchscreen with split-screen display and  
   14 JBL®15 speakers including subwoofer and amplifier  
- Integrated Navigation 26 
- SiriusXM® 13 with 3-month All Access trial subscription 14
 Connected Services 10 with Safety Connect® 11 trial45
Option
  Rear-seat DVD entertainment system 4 with two  
individual 11.6-in. display screens
Heritage Edition
Adds to or replaces features offered on Land Cruiser
Mechanical/Performance
 5.7L V8 with 381 hp
 8-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission
 Full-time 4WD with Active Traction Control (A-TRAC)
  Torsen®8 limited-slip differential with locking feature
 Multi-Terrain Select (MTS)
 Crawl Control (CRAWL) 9
 Off-road Turn Assist (OTA) 1
 Kinetic Dynamic Suspension System (KDSS)
 Towing capacity 22 — 8100 lbs.
 Fording depth — 27.55 in.
 Angle of approach/departure — 32/24 degrees
 13 city/17 highway/14 combined EPA-est. mpg 23
Exterior Features
  Projector-beam LED low-/high-beam headlights  
with dark housing
  Heritage Edition grille with black inserts and  
darkened chrome-finished surround
  18-in. Bronze-colored BBS®3 forged-aluminum alloy wheels
  Skid plates on front suspension, radiator, fuel tank  
and transfer case
 Bird’s Eye View Camera24
 “TOYOTA Land Cruiser” heritage badge
 Yakima® MegaWarrior cargo basket
Interior Features
 Seating for five
 Four-zone automatic climate control
 Black interior package including:  
 - Black headliner  
 - Bronze-colored contrast stitching on seats, steering 
    wheel, center stack, console box and door panels
 Black perforated leather-trimmed seating surfaces  
 - Multi-stage heated and ventilated front seats 
 - 40/20/40 split, sliding, reclining, folding, tumble  
    second-row seats  
 - Multi-stage heated second-row seat 
 - Available 50/50 split fold-down third-row seat
 Smart Key System 25 with Push Button Start
Audio Multimedia
   Premium Audio includes:  
- 9-in. touchscreen with split-screen display and  
   14 JBL®15 speakers including subwoofer and amplifier  
- Integrated Navigation 26 
- SiriusXM® 13 with 3-month All Access trial subscription 14
 Connected Services 10 with Safety Connect® 11 trial45
Option
 Black perforated leather-trimmed third-row  
 seating (increases passenger capacity to eight)
Page 12
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
LAND CRUISER FEATURES 27 S = Standard O = Optional P = Available Package
 
  Land Cruiser Heritage EditionExterior
LED projector-beam low- and high-beam headlights with auto level control  
and auto on/off feature, headlight cleaners and integrated Land Cruiser logo S 
LED projector-beam low- and high-beam headlights with dark housing, auto  
level control and auto on/off feature, headlight cleaners and integrated  
Land Cruiser logo  S
Headlight-integrated LED Daytime Running Lights (DRL) S S
Integrated LED fog lights with chrome-finished surround S 
Integrated LED fog lights with darkened chrome-finished surround  S
Heritage Edition grille with black inserts and darkened chrome-finished surround   S
Chrome grille surround with dark silver inserts and chrome accent S 
Black-with-darkened-chrome heated power auto-dimming outside mirrors  
with cameras,2 turn signal indicators, vortex generators and automatic  
power-folding, reverse tilt-down, and memory features   S
Color-keyed heated power auto-dimming outside mirrors with cameras,28  
turn signal indicators, vortex generators and automatic power-folding,  
reverse tilt-down, and memory features S 
LED stop lights and light-pipe taillights with vortex generators S S
Side-body chrome moldings with Land Cruiser logo S 
Power open/close rear-door liftgate (with key remote)  S S
Power tilt/slide moonroof with sunshade and one-touch open/close with  
jam protection S S
”TOYOTA Land Cruiser” heritage badge   S
18-in. split-spoke alloy wheels with P285/60R18 116V tires S 
18-in. Bronze-colored BBS®3 forged-aluminum alloy wheels with P285/60R18 116V tires  S
Rain-sensing aerodynamic variable intermittent windshield wipers and  
intermittent rear wiper S S
Windshield wiper de-icer S S
Privacy glass on rear side, quarter and liftgate windows S S
Color-keyed rear spoiler S S
Roof rack S 
Yakima® MegaWarrior cargo basket  S
Aluminum running boards S 
Front and rear frame-mounted tow hooks22 S S
Front and rear heavy-duty mudguards S S
Skid plates — on front suspension, radiator, fuel tank and transfer case  S S
Interior
Four-zone automatic front and rear climate control with air filter, dust and pollen filtration  
mode, push-button controls, separate second-row control panel and individual  
temperature settings for driver, front passenger and rear-seat passengers S S
Enhanced Multi-Terrain Monitor(MTM)7 with selectable front, side or rear views S S
Bird’s Eye View Camera24 — Perimeter Scan, overhead 360-degree view in drive and  
reverse, and curb view S S
Rear-seat DVD entertainment system4 with two individual 11.6-in. display screens, RCA  
jacks, HDMI input, remote and two wireless headphones29 O 
Qi-compatible wireless smartphone and device charging30 with full-charge indicator  
light (located at the bottom of the dashboard center stack)  S S
8-passenger seating with semi-aniline perforated leather-trimmed seating surfaces in  
Black or available (no-cost) Terra S 
5-passenger seating with black perforated leather-trimmed seating and cargo  
tonneau cover  S
8-passenger seating with black perforated leather-trimmed seating  O
Black interior package with black headliner and bronze-colored contrast stitching on seats,  
steering wheel, center stack, console box and door panels  S
Multi-stage heated and ventilated front seats with seatback pockets; 10-way power-adjustable  
driver’s seat with three-position memory function and power lumbar support S S
40/20/40 split, sliding, reclining, folding, tumble and multi-stage heated second-row  
seat with center armrest and abrasion-resistant seatback material S S
50/50 split, fold-down third-row seat with folding headrests and abrasion-resistant seatback material S O
Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC)18  S S
Leather-trimmed heated power tilt/telescopic steering wheel with wood-grain-style accents and audio,  
Siri® Eyes Free,31 Multi-Information Display (MID), Bluetooth ®6 hands-free phone, voice-command,  
Toyota Safety Sense™ P (TSS-P) 16 and Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC)18 toggle  S S
Leather-trimmed shift lever  S S
Page 13
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
LAND CRUISER FEATURES 27
Interior (continued)
Optitron instrumentation with turquoise-illuminated edges and white-backlit speedometer,  
tachometer, voltmeter, coolant temperature, fuel and engine oil pressure gauges; TFT Multi-Information  
Display (MID) with odometer, tripmeter, speedometer, shift position, current and average fuel  
economy, distance to empty, average speed, parking assist,32 steering wheel angle, ECO Driving  
Indicator zone display, Multi-Terrain Select (MTS) including Crawl Control (CRAWL)9 with Off-road Turn  
Assist (OTA),1 TPMS43 with individual tire location including spare, Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC)18  
adjustment information, TSS-P Pre-Collision System (PCS)17 warning alarm adjustment, Lane Departure  
Alert (LDA),19 maintenance information and warning messages   S S
Smart Key System25 on all doors and liftgate with remote keyless entry system, remote illuminated  
entry and Push Button Start  S S
Power windows with one-touch auto up/down with jam protection in all positions S S
Power door locks with shift-linked automatic lock/unlock feature  S S
Auto-dimming rearview mirror with compass and HomeLink®33 universal transceiver  S S
LED accent lighting illuminating from the front- and rear-door upper trim S S
Overhead console with maplights, sunglasses storage and Safety Connect®11 controls S S
Bi-level covered center console with cooler box and second-row vents  S 
Bi-level covered center console with second-row vents   S
Two center console-area 12V auxiliary power outlets,34 and one rear cargo area 120V AC power outlet35 S S
Front- and rear-door storage pockets  S S
Twelve cup and bottle holders  S 
Ten cup and bottle holders   S
Dual extendable sun visors with illuminated vanity mirrors and secondary visors S S
All-weather floor and cargo mats5   S
Audio Multimedia 
Premium Audio with Integrated Navigation26 — includes 9-in. touchscreen with split-screen display,  
AM/FM cache radio, CD player, 14 JBL®15 speakers including subwoofer and amplifier, USB port,36  
hands-free phone capability and music streaming6 via Bluetooth®6 wireless technology, Siri® Eyes  
Free,31 HD Radio™ 37 Predictive Traffic and Doppler Weather overlay, and SiriusXM®13 with 3-month  
All Access trial subscription.14 See toyota.com/audio-multimedia for details. S S
Safety and Convenience 
Toyota Safety Sense™ P (TSS-P) 16 — Pre-Collision System with Pedestrian Detection (PCS w/PD), 17 
Lane Departure Alert (LDA),19 Automatic High Beams (AHB)20 and Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC)18 S S
Star Safety System™ — includes Vehicle Stability Control (VSC), 38 Active Traction Control (A-TRAC),  
Multi-Terrain 4-wheel Anti-lock Brake System (ABS), Electronic Brake-force Distribution (EBD),  
Brake Assist (BA)39 and Smart Stop Technology® (SST).40 At speeds greater than five miles per hour,  
when the accelerator is depressed first and the brakes are then applied firmly for longer than  
one-half second, Smart Stop Technology®40 is designed to help the driver bring the vehicle to a stop.  S S
Ten airbag41 — includes driver and front passenger Advanced Airbag System, driver and front  
passenger seat-mounted side airbags, second-row outboard seat-mounted side airbags, driver  
and front passenger knee airbags, and all-row Roll-sensing Side Curtain Airbags (RSCA)  S S
Driver and front passenger active headrests42  S S
Driver and front passenger Active Seatbelt Pretensioning System with force limiters S S
3-point seatbelts for all seating positions; driver-side Emergency Locking Retractor (ELR) and  
Automatic/Emergency Locking Retractor (ALR/ELR) on all passenger belts S S
Adjustable front- and second-row outboard seatbelt anchors  S S
LATCH (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren) includes lower anchors on outboard second-row  
seats and tether anchors on all second-row seats  S S
Child-protector rear door locks and power window lockout control S S
Head-impact protection structure with energy-absorbing soft upper interior trim S S
Highly rigid body structure with side-impact door beams  S S
Tire Pressure Monitor System (TPMS)43 with direct pressure readout and individual tire location alert S S
Safety Connect®11 trial45 — includes Emergency Assistance, Stolen Vehicle Locator,44 Roadside Assistance12 and  
Automatic Collision Notification; available by subscription; complimentary one-year trial subscription.45  S S
Front and rear parking assist sonar32   S S
Blind Spot Monitor (BSM)46 with Rear Cross-Traffic Alert (RCTA)47   S S
Hill Start Assist Control (HAC)48   S S
Anti-theft system with engine immobilizer49  S S
Multi-Terrain Select (MTS) and Crawl Control (CRAWL)9 with Off-road Turn Assist (OTA)1  S S
Integrated backup camera28 display with projected path   S S
ToyotaCare50 featuring a no cost maintenance plan with Roadside Assistance50 S S
Options
Rear-seat DVD entertainment system4 with two individual 11.6-in. display 
screens, RCA jacks, HDMI input, remote and two wireless headphones29 O 
8-passenger seating with black perforated leather-trimmed seating  O
S = Standard O = Optional P = Available Package
 
 Land Cruiser Heritage Edition
Page 14
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
LAND CRUISER SPECIFICATIONS
Mechanical
ENGINE
5.7-Liter DOHC 32-Valve V8 with Dual Independent Variable Valve Timing with intelligence (VVT-i);  
381 hp @ 5600 rpm; 401 lb.-ft. @ 3600 rpm  S S
IGNITION SYSTEM
Electronic, with Toyota Direct Ignition (TDI)  S S
EMISSION RATING
Ultra Low Emission Vehicle II (BIN 125)  S S
TRANSMISSION
8-speed Electronically Controlled automatic Transmission with intelligence (ECT-i); sequential  
shift mode and uphill/downhill shift logic  S S
DRIVETRAIN
Full-time 4WD system with Active Traction Control (A-TRAC) and Torsen®8 limited-slip center  
differential with locking feature  S S
BODY CONSTRUCTION
Unitized steel body on 10-member high-tensile-steel ladder frame S S
Suspension
Independent double-wishbone front suspension with coil springs and stabilizer bar; 4-link rear  
suspension with coil springs, stabilizer bar and semi-floating axle  S S
Kinetic Dynamic Suspension System (KDSS)  S S
STEERING
Vehicle speed-sensing, variable gear ratio, power-assisted rack-and-pinion  S S
Turning circle diameter, curb to curb (ft.)   38.7  38.7
BRAKES
Power-assisted rear ventilated disc brakes with hydraulic brake booster and Star Safety System™  S S
Front disc brake rotor diameter (in.)  13.97 13.97
Rear disc brake rotor diameter (in.)  13.58 13.58
Dimensions
EXTERIOR (in.)  
Overall height  74.0 81.6*
Overall width   77.95 77.95 
Overall length  194.9 194.9
Wheelbase  112.2 112.2
Track (front/rear)   65.0/64.8 64.6/64.4
INTERIOR (front/rear) (in.)
Head room   38.3/38.9/35.8 38.3/38.9/35.8
Shoulder room   61.0/61.1/62.3 61.0/61.1/62.3
Hip room   59.4/58.6/56.6 59.4/58.6/56.6
Leg room   42.9/34.4/28.3 42.9/34.4/28.3
OFF-HIGHWAY
Angle of approach/departure/breakover (degrees)  32/24/21 32/24/21
Ground clearance (in.)  8.9 8.9
5-Speed Crawl Control (CRAWL)9 with Off-road Turn Assist (OTA)1   S S
Multi-Terrain Select (MTS)  S S
RATIOS  LAND CRUISER HERITAGE EDITION
Rear axle  3.307 3.307
Transfer case (high/low)   1.000:1/2.618:1 1.000:1/2.618:1
Weights and Capacities
Curb weight (lb.)   5815 5715
Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) (lb.)  7385 7385
Cargo volume (cu. ft.)5 behind front/second-row/third-row seats  82.8/41.4/16.1  82.8/53.5/–
Fuel tank (gal.)   24.6 24.6
Seating capacity  8 5
*Includes Yakima® MegaWarrior cargo basket.
S = Standard O = Optional P = Available Package
 
 Land Cruiser Heritage Edition
Page 15
See numbered footnotes in Disclosures section.
LAND CRUISER SPECIFICATIONS
Mechanical (continued)
TOWING
Integrated towing hitch receiver and wiring harness with 4-/7-pin connectors22  S S
Towing capacity22   8100 8100
TIRES
Mud-and-Snow-rated steel-belted radials  S S
Full-size on alloy wheel, mounted under body  S S
WHEELS
18-in. split-spoke alloy wheels  S 
18-in. Bronze-colored BBS®3 forged-aluminum alloy wheels   S
Mileage Estimates (mpg city/highway/combined)23
CVTi-S  13/17/14  13/17/14
S = Standard O = Optional P = Available Package
 
 Land Cruiser Heritage Edition
Page 16
DISCLOSURES
1. The Toyota Land Cruiser is designed to meet most off-road driving requirements, but off-roading is inherently dangerous and may result in vehicle damage. Toyota encourages 
responsible operation to help protect you, your vehicle and the environment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. Do not allow passengers to ride in cargo area. 2. Extra-cost color.  
3. BBS® is a registered trademark of BBS of America, Inc. 4. A single-disc DVD player is included. A separate DVD player or game system utilizing the center console’s video/audio inputs 
is required in order to use the split screen function of the Dual View system. 5. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. Always properly secure cargo and cargo 
area. 6. The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any use of such marks by Toyota is under license. A compatible Bluetooth ®-
enabled phone must first be paired. Phone performance depends on software, coverage and carrier. 7. The Multi-Terrain Monitor view is limited and can be affected by environmental 
conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 8. Torsen® is a registered trademark of Zexel Torsen, Inc. 9. Crawl Control is designed for driving on difficult terrain 
at low speeds and assists the driver by controlling acceleration and braking, allowing the driver to focus on steering. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details.  
10. Connected Services depends on an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, navigation map data, GPS signal strength and other factors outside of Toyota’s control, 
all of which can limit system functionality or availability, including access to response center and emergency support. Service may vary by vehicle and region. Subscription required after 
trial. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. Apps and services subject to change at any time without notice. See toyota.com/connected-services for details. To learn about Toyota’s 
data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator.  
11. Safety Connect® depends on an operative telematics device, a cellular connection, GPS signal strength and other factors outside of Toyota’s control, all of which can limit system 
functionality or availability, including access to response center and emergency support. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. Some features may require 
the Toyota app. Registration required. Subscription required after trial. Service subject to change at any time without notice. Terms of Use apply. Data charges may apply. Service may 
vary by vehicle and region. See usage precautions and service limitations in Owner’s Manual and at toyota.com/connected-services/ for additional details. To learn about Toyota’s 
data collection, use, sharing and retention practices, please visit https://www.toyota.com/privacyvts/. 12. Requires adequate cellular coverage and GPS signal strength. May not 
work in all areas. Service may vary by vehicle and region. See Toyota Dealer for details and exclusions. 13. SiriusXM® audio services require a subscription sold separately by Sirius XM 
Radio Inc. If you decide to continue service after your trial, the subscription plan you choose will automatically renew thereafter and you will be charged according to your chosen 
payment method at then-current rates. Fees and taxes apply.To cancel, you must call SiriusXM at 1-866-635-2349. See SiriusXM Customer Agreement for complete terms at  
www.siriusxm.com. All fees and programming subject to change. Not all vehicles or devices are capable of receiving all services offered by SiriusXM. Current information and features 
may not be available in all locations, or on all receivers. ©2020 Sirius XM Radio Inc. SiriusXM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. 14. SiriusXM All Access 
trial length and service availability may vary by model, model year or trim. 15. JBL® is a registered trademark of Harman International Industries, Inc. 16. Toyota Safety Sense™ 
effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. Drivers are responsible for their own safe driving. Always pay attention to your surroundings 
and drive safely. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 17. The Pre-Collision System (PCS) with Pedestrian Detection (PD) is designed to determine if impact is 
imminent and help reduce impact speed and damage in certain frontal collisions involving a vehicle or a pedestrian. PCS w/PD is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving. System 
effectiveness depends on many factors, such as speed, size and position of pedestrian and weather, light and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and 
details. 18. Dynamic Radar Cruise Control (DRCC) is designed to assist the driver and is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving practices. System effectiveness is dependent on 
many factors including road, weather and traffic conditions. Vehicles with manual transmission have regular DRCC. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details.  
19. Lane Departure Alert is designed to read visible lane markers under certain conditions, and provide visual and audible alerts when lane departure is detected. It is not a collision-
avoidance system or a substitute for safe and attentive driving. Effectiveness is dependent on many factors including road, weather and vehicle conditions. See Owner’s Manual for 
additional limitations and details. 20. Automatic High Beams operate at speeds above 25 mph. Factors such as a dirty windshield, weather, lighting and terrain limit effectiveness, 
requiring the driver to manually operate the high beams. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 21. This floor mat/floor liner was designed specifically for use in your 
model and model year vehicle and SHOULD NOT be used in any other vehicle. To avoid potential interference with pedal operation, each mat/liner must be secured with its fasteners. 
Do not install a floor mat/floor liner on top of an existing floor mat/floor liner. 22. Before towing, confirm your vehicle and trailer are compatible, hooked up and loaded properly and 
that you have any necessary additional equipment. Do not exceed any Weight Ratings and follow all instructions in your Owner’s Manual. The maximum you can tow depends on base 
curb weight plus the total weight of any cargo, occupants, and added vehicle equipment. “Added vehicle equipment” includes additional standard/optional equipment and accessories 
added by the manufacturer, dealers, and/or vehicle owners. The only way to be certain of your vehicle’s exact curb weight is to weigh your vehicle without passengers or cargo. 
[Calculated with the new SAE J2807 method.] Installation of a tow hitch receiver or other accessories located near the rear bumper or side-door kick sensors may require disabling or 
removing the kick sensor, and the sensor operation setting in your vehicle should be turned off. See Owner’s Manual for limitations. 23. EPA-estimated 13 city/17 highway/14 combined 
mpg rating  for 2021 Land Cruiser. Use for comparison purposes only. Your mileage will vary for many reasons, including your vehicle’s condition and how/where you drive.  
See www.fueleconomy.gov. 24. The Bird’s Eye View Camera does not provide a comprehensive view of the area surrounding the vehicle and you should also look around the vehicle, 
using mirrors to confirm surrounding clearance. Environmental conditions may limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and 
details. 25. The Smart Key System may interfere with some pacemakers or cardiac defibrillators. If you have one of these medical devices, please talk to your doctor to see if you should 
deactivate this system. 26. Be sure to obey traffic regulations and maintain awareness of road and traffic conditions at all times. Functionality, availability and accuracy of information 
provided by the system depends on many factors and service may not be available in every location. Use common sense when relying on information provided. Apps/services  
vary by phone/carrier. Select apps use large amounts of data; you are responsible for charges. Apps and services subject to change at any time without notice.  
See toyota.com/connected-services for details. Services and programming subject to change. Updates may be available from your dealer at an additional cost. See Owner’s Manual for 
additional limitations and details. 27. Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all 
options/packages are available separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in 
your area. If you would prefer a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order. Color(s) 
depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print). 28. The backup camera does 
not provide a comprehensive view of the rear area of the vehicle and you should also look around the vehicle, using mirrors to confirm rearward clearance. Environmental conditions may 
limit effectiveness and view may become obscured. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 29. Headphones are for passenger use only. 30. Qi wireless charging may 
not be compatible with all mobile phones, MP3/WMA players and like models. When using the wireless charging system, avoid placing metal objects between the wireless charger and 
the mobile device when charging is active. Doing so may cause metal objects to become hot and could cause burns. 31. Always focus on the road while driving. Siri® is available on select 
iPhone®/iPad® models and requires Internet access. Siri® is not available in all languages or all areas and features vary by area. Some Siri ® functionality and commands are not accessible 
in the vehicle. See apple.com and phone carrier for details. Data charges may apply. Siri ® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. 32. Front and rear parking assist sonar is designed to 
warn drivers of potential front and rear collisions at speeds of 6 mph or less. Certain vehicle and environmental factors, including an object’s shape and composition, may affect the 
ability of the front and rear parking assist sonar to detect it. Always look around outside the vehicle and use mirrors to confirm clearance. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations 
and details. 33. HomeLink® and the HomeLink ® house icon are registered trademarks of Gentex Corporation. 34. Rated for 12 volts. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and 
details. 35. Do not exceed 120V. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 36. May not be compatible with all mobile phones, MP3/WMA players and like models.  
37. HD Radio™ Technology manufactured under license from iBiquity Digital Corporation U.S. and Foreign Patents. HD Radio™ and the HD, HD Radio, and “Arc” logos are proprietary 
trademarks of iBiquity Digital Corp. 38. Vehicle Stability Control is an electronic system designed to help the driver maintain vehicle control under adverse conditions. It is not a substitute 
for safe and attentive driving practices. Factors including speed, road conditions, weather and driver steering input can all affect whether VSC will be effective in preventing a loss of 
control. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 39. Brake Assist is designed to help the driver take advantage of ABS and is not a substitute for safe driving practices. 
Braking effectiveness also depends on proper vehicle maintenance, tire and road conditions. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 40. Smart Stop Technology® 
operates only in the event of certain contemporaneous brake and accelerator pedal applications. When engaged, the system will reduce power to help the brakes bring the vehicle to 
a stop. Factors including speed, road conditions and driver input can all impact stopping distance. Smart Stop Technology® is not a substitute for safe and attentive driving and does not 
guarantee instant stopping. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 41. Airbag systems are Supplemental Restraint Systems and are designed to inflate only under 
certain conditions and in certain types of severe collisions. To decrease the risk of injury from an inflating airbag, always wear seatbelts and sit upright in the middle of the seat as far 
back as possible. Do not put objects in front of an airbag or around the seatback. Do not use a rearward-facing child seat in any front passenger seat. See Owner’s Manual for additional 
limitations and details. 42. Active front headrests can help reduce the extent of whiplash in certain types of rear-end collisions. 43. The Tire Pressure Monitor System alerts the driver 
when tire pressure is critically low. For optimal tire wear and performance, tire pressure should be checked regularly with a gauge; do not rely solely on the monitor system. See Owner’s 
Manual for additional limitations and details. 44. Building and/or parking structures may limit system effectiveness. Stolen vehicle police report required to use Stolen Vehicle Locator. 
For additional assistance contact the Toyota Customer Experience Center at 1-800-331-4331. 45. The Safety Connect® trial period is at no extra cost and begins on the original date of 
purchase or lease of a new vehicle. Paid subscription required after trial to access the service. 46. Do not rely exclusively on the Blind Spot Monitor. Always look over your shoulder and 
use your turn signal. There are limitations to the function, detection and range of the monitor. See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 47. Do not rely exclusively on 
the Rear Cross-Traffic Alert system. Always look over your shoulder and use your mirrors to confirm rear clearance. There are limitations to the function, detection and range of the system. 
See Owner’s Manual for additional limitations and details. 48. Hill Start Assist Control is designed to help minimize backward rolling on steep ascents. It is not a substitute for safe driving 
judgment and practices. Factors including speed, grade, surface conditions and driver input can all affect whether HAC will be effective in preventing a loss of control. See Owner’s 
Manual for additional limitations and details. 49. The engine immobilizer is a state-of-the-art anti-theft system that is initiated when you insert your key into the ignition switch or bring 
a Smart Key fob into the vehicle. The engine will only start if the code in the transponder chip inside the key/fob matches the code in the vehicle’s immobilizer. The transponder chip is 
embedded in the key/fob and can be costly to replace. If you lose a key or fob, your Toyota dealer can help or go to www.aloa.org to find a qualified locksmith in your area who can 
perform high-security key service. 50. ToyotaCare covers normal factory scheduled maintenance for two years or 25,000 miles, whichever comes first. Certain models require a different 
Page 17
DISCLOSURES
maintenance schedule as described in their Maintenance Guide. 24-hour Roadside Assistance is also included for two years, unlimited mileage. Roadside Assistance does not include 
parts and fluids, except emergency fuel delivery. See Toyota dealer for details and exclusions. Valid only in the continental U.S.
Toyota strives to build vehicles to match customer interest and thus they typically are built with popular options and option packages. Not all options/packages are available 
separately and some may not be available in all regions of the country. See toyota.com for information about options/packages commonly available in your area. If you would prefer  
a vehicle without any or with different options, contact your dealer to check for current availability or the possibility of placing a special order.
Color(s) depicted may vary based on multiple factors, including ambient lighting and the format in which it is being viewed (e.g., computer, mobile device or print).
Some vehicles are shown with available equipment. Seatbelts should be worn at all times. For details on vehicle specifications, standard features and available equipment in your 
area, contact your Toyota dealer. A vehicle with particular equipment may not be available at the dealership. Ask your Toyota dealer to help locate a specifically equipped vehicle. 
All information presented herein is based on data available at the time of posting, is subject to change without notice and pertains specifically to mainland U.S.A. vehicles only. 
Vehicles shown may be prototypes, shown using visual effects and/or shown with options. Actual models may vary.
Every Toyota Car, Truck and SUV is built to exceptional standards. And that’s not idle 
boasting. We back it up with these Limited Warranty Coverages:
Basic: 36 months/36,000 miles (all components other than normal wear and  
maintenance items). 
Powertrain: 60 months/60,000 miles (engine, transmission/transaxle, drive system,  
seatbelts and airbags). 
Rust-Through: 60 months/unlimited miles (corrosion perforation of sheet metal). 
Emissions: Coverages vary under Federal and California regulations. Refer to applicable 
Warranty and Maintenance Guide for details. 
Accessories: For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased at the time of the new vehicle 
purchase, the Toyota Accessory Warranty coverage is in effect for 36 months/36,000 miles 
from the vehicle’s in-service date, which is the same coverage as the Toyota New Vehicle 
Limited Warranty.
For Genuine Toyota Accessories purchased after the new vehicle purchase the coverage 
is 12 months, regardless of mileage, from the date the accessory was installed on the 
vehicle, or the remainder of any applicable new vehicle warranty, whichever provides 
greater coverage.
You may be eligible for transportation assistance if it’s necessary that your vehicle be  
kept overnight for repairs covered under warranty. Please see your authorized Toyota 
dealership for further details.
For complete details about Toyota’s warranties, please visit www.toyota.com, refer to the 
applicable Warranty and Maintenance Guide or see your Toyota dealer.
WARRANTIES
For Toyota Mobility program details,  
go to www.toyota.com/mobility or  
call the Toyota Brand Engagement  
Center at 1-800-331-4331
