 
EVEREST
EverEEverEverEverEvEve est estestest st TitaTitaTitaTititaTitaTitaaniumniumniumniumniumniumniumn shoshoshoshs wn.wnwn.nnnnw
OUTSMART
OUT THERE
WITH EVEREST 4WD
1.
1.1.1. 4WD4WD4WD4WD4WD4WDDD avaavaavavavaaa ilabilabilablablabablabaa le ile ile lell n AmnA mn AmnA mAmmmbienbienbienbienenieieebienbi nte, tete,ttetet TrenTrenTrenTrenTrend anda nand and Tid Td Tid Tid Titanitanitaniiitaniitanium. um. um. mumuumumu AmbiAmbiAmbiAmbiAAmAmbienteenteenteenteenteentnte andanaaandandan TreTreTreTreTrend and adnd and adnd also ososo avaiavaiiavaiavaiavaa labllabllablaba e ine inin RWDWDWDRWDRWDRWWRRWD.
MUD, GRASS
OR SNOW3. ROAD  ROCK1 .
SANDEverEverEveEverEverEverEverEververEvee est est estest est es TitaTitTitaTTitaTitaTTT niumniumniumniumniumuuummm shoshooshoshoshoshsh wn.wn.wn.wnw
Everest Titanium shown.EverEverEverEveEvEv est est est estesestst TitaTitaTitaTitaTitaTitaTiiiT t niumniumniumiumniumniumiumniumm shoshoshoshoshoshoown.wn.wn.wn.wnwnwnwnwn EEverEverE est estst TitaTitaTiitTitaniumniumm shoshohoh wn.wn.wn.
TT errainain MMaMaanagement System dim did al ia n Everesre t TTTitatanitanianium suu shohowown.
Sand. Glide through sand with increased accelerator 
sensitivity that adapts to the environment. 
Mud, Grass or Snow. 3. From muddy tracks to fresh snow, 
this mode gives optimised traction and control. 
Rock.1. This mode keeps you in 4WD low range, providing 
maximum traction and precise control, allowing you to 
conquer extreme off-road terrain.
Road. Switch the dial to Normal mode and the full-time 
4WD system will maximise traction and stability for greater 
control when travelling along sealed roads.
TACKLE  ANY 
TERRAIN
2.
In the Everest 4WD, the world is yours to explore. With its 
Terrain Management System,  you get optimal control 
at the turn of a dial.1. From winding city roads to rugged dirt 
tracks, the Everest makes every drive incredible. 
READY FOR THE 
EVERYDA Y OR 
THE EPIC
1. T o activate Rock mode, vehicle must be stationary and in 4WD low range. 2. The driver is responsible for assessing of -road situations, determining if the terrain is passable and using appropriate of  -road driving techniques. 3. This mode does not 
replace the need to ﬁ  t chains if required.
Everest Titanium s hown.1. Driver-assist features are supplemental and do not replace the driver’s attention, judgment and need to control the vehicle. May not operate at certain speeds, or in certain driving, road or weather conditions. 2. Maintaining a steady speed of not more than 7km/h.
Tough slopes couldn’t be easier in the Everest 4WD. On the way up, 
Hill Launch Assis t lets you climb with confidence, as this system 
makes it easier to pull away when your vehicle is on a slope without the 
need to use the parking brake. On the way down, Hill Descent Control 
uses the brake system to help you descend at a steady pace. Simply take 
care of the steering and the Everest does the rest .1. 
HILL DESCENT
CONTROL
HILL LAUNCH
ASSIST
ENJOY THE
HIGHS AND LOWS
 ROCK
T AKE A DIP
Why go around a river when you can drive right through it? 
The Everest can wade through water up to 800mm deep 2. 
and with high ground clearance, it can muscle through 
nearly any terrain.
225mm 
GROUND 
CLEARANCE
UP TO 800mm 
WATER WADING2.
EverEverververererveEvereesestestesteest TitTTTitTitaTitaTitaTitaaniuminiumumumnium shohhoshoshoshoshowwn.wn.wwwww
WITH EVEREST RWD
If you’re looking for size, technology and safety to take on the city and beyond, the Everest Ambiente 1. and Trend Rear 
Wheel Drive models are the perfect ﬁ  t. 
A rear view camera  and rear parking sensors  make it easy to get in and out of tight spots, while a commanding road 
presence, impressive ride height and spacious cabin keep you feeling comfortable and in control. Plus, you can ﬁ  t 
three child seats in the 5-seater Ambiente and ﬁ  ve in the 7-seater models, 2. to help keep the family moving.
Heading further aﬁ  eld? The Everest RWD comes with a 3 tonne towing capacity 3., 800mm water-wading capability 4. 
and 225mm ground clearance. It also delivers 8.4L per 100km fuel ei   ciency 5. to help you go further, while SYNC® 36. 
with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto integration 7. helps you stay connected. 
THE OPEN ROAD 
ADVENTURER
1.1. AmbAmbientienteR We RWDa vD availaailableble fromfrom AprApril 2il 2017017 prodproductiuctionon.  2.2.
 5s5 seatseats sta standarndard ind in Amb Ambiente RWD. 7 seats optional in Ambiente RWD and standard in Trend RWD. D 3.
 3,000kg is the maximum m towitowing cng capacapacityity usinusing a g a GenuGenuine ne FordFo  tow pack. Subject tt o State and T erritoritory rey regulagulationtions. Ts. To o 
comply with these limits, occupap nts and / or luggage may need to be restricted. For further details regarding passensenger ger andand luggluggageage restrestrictrictions, pl,p ease consult your authorised Ford DeDealeraler andand /o/ orr er referfer to the OOwner’s M’s Manuaanuall. 44. MaiMaintaintainingning a s a steadtea y speed of not mot moore thanthan 7km7km/h./h. 
5. 5. 
FuelFuelconconsumps tionti dand emiemissioi ns as peer ADR 81/02 02 (com(combinebinedc yd cycle)cle)andand to to be ube used sed for vehicle comparison purposes only. It is unlikely that this fuel consumption i ﬁguﬁ gure wre willill be abe achiechieved in real world driving conditionsons. AcActualtual fuefuel col nsumnsumptioption win will dll depenepend ond onmanmanyf ay factorctors ins including 
the driver'ser's habits, prevailing conditions and the vehicle's equipments, condition and use. 6. 
Not all ll SYNCSYNC/registered.superior3 f/registered.superior3 featueaturesres are are compco atible with all phones. Local laws may prohibit some or allall of tof the phe phonehone funf ctions while driving. Check yourour loclocal ral r doad rulerules before using these functions. 
7. 
Apple Cae CarPlaPlay isy  a trademark of Apple Inc and Android™ i s a trademark of Google Inc. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto requuireire phones with compatible versions of Apple iOS and Android™ re specctivetively, ly, actiact ve data ata servervice and genuine USB cable (available separately). Message 
and and datadata ratrates mes may aay applypply. SYS NC®
 does non t control Apple CarPlay or Android Auto while in use; Apple Inc and Android™  respectectivelivelya ry arer ee responsponsible for their functionality. Warning: Local laws prohibit some or llall of tof the the text ext messaging functions while driving. Check your local road 
ruleruler s bes beforeforef usiusing tng thesehese funfunctioons.n EverEverEververEveEverestest ees Trend RWD shown.
TRAVEL FIRST CLASS 
EVERYWHERE
Say hello to luxury with an adventurous side. With up to seven comfortable 
seats 1., the ability to fit up to five child seats 2. and the inclusion of two ISOFIX 
anchor points, there's plenty of room inside the Everest to take the whole family, 
team or whoever’s on board, along for the ride in total comfort. 
While you’re on your way, keep the noise out and the good times in. Inspired by 
noise cancelling headphones, the Everest’s Active Noise Cancellation  uses three 
highly sensitive microphones to detect and measure engine noise, then cancels 
it with opposing sound waves. 
Enjoy the great outdoors even when you’re indoors. Almost half the roof space 
of the mighty Titanium is a Panoramic Power Sunroof,  so you can open up 
your world and experience life under the stars at the touch of a button. 
While the 8-way power 3. driver and front passenger seats give you premium 
comfort wherever you’re headed. 
EverEverEverEverEverEEEverEverrestestestestesteststestttestte TitaTitaTitaTitaTitaTitaTitaTitaTitataaTitaTTitat niuniumniumniumniumniuniumniumniumniumniniumniumiu shoshoshoshoshoshoshoshoh wn.wn.wn.wn.wn.wn.wn.wwn.wn
EverE est Titanium interior shown.
1. 5 seats standard in Ambiente models produced from April 2017. 7 seats optional in Ambiente models produced from April 2017 and standard in Trend and Titanium. 2. 5-seater Ambiente can ﬁ  t up to 3 child seats. Ambiente with optional 7 seats, 
Trend and Titanium models can ﬁ t up to 5 child seats. 3. Available on Titanium only.
SATELLITE
NAVIGATION3.
ENTERTAINMENTTALK
EverEverest est TitaTitaniumnium intinterioerior shr shown.o
RRear VieView Caw Cameramera..DualDuDDuuDu  4.2" Screens.7. GGPS NaviNavigatigation.on.3.3.
1. SYNC®3 standard on Trend and Titanium models. SYNC®3 standard on Ambiente models produced from April 2017. SYNC® standard on Ambiente models produced prior to April 2017. Not all SYNC® features are compatible with all phones. For 
compatibility, see ford.com.au/sync. 2. Warning: Local laws may prohibit the use of some functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 3. Integrated Satellite Navigation System standard on Titanium. Standard on 
Trend models produced from April 2017. Optional on Trend models produced prior to April 2017. 4. Ford Applink® is available on selected SYNC® models and is compatible with select smartphone platforms. Users must download an Applink-enabled 
app from the usual store to your iOS or Android smartphone. Requires phone to be connected to SYNC®3 with a genuine USB cable (Apple devices) or Bluetooth® (Android devices). Warning: Local laws prohibit some or all of the text messaging 
functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 5. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc and Android™ is a trademark of Google Inc. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto require phones with compatible versions of 
Apple iOS and Android™ respectively, active data service and genuine USB cable (available separately). Message and data rates may apply. SYNC® does not control Apple CarPlay or Android Auto while in use; Apple Inc and Android™ respectively 
are responsible for their functionality. Warning: Local laws prohibit some or all of the text messaging functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 6. 2 x USB ports standard in Trend and Titanium models. Standard 
in Ambiente models produced from April 2017. 7. Standard in Trend and Titanium models. Standard in Ambiente models produced from April 2017.
CONTROL 
YOUR WORLD
Do it all without having to do a thing. Discover driving technology 
that makes every journey effortless.
Reverse with confidence. Be aware of what's behind you thanks 
to the Rear View Camera  and Rear Parking Sensors  that help 
alert you to obstacles.
SYNC ®31. is a fully integrated voice activation system that lets you 
use your favourite devices while your hands stay on the wheel and 
your eyes stay on the road. 2. Sync your phone to call your friends 
and play your favourite music, and stay on track with the integrated 
Satellite Navigation System on Trend and Titanium models. 3.
Seamless integrati on with programs like Applink, ®4. Apple CarPlay 5. 
and Android Auto 5. allows you to choose how to remain connected 
to your world.  Equipped with a customisable 8/quotedbl.lftab Colour LCD capacitive 
Touch Screen, SYNC® 3 is quicker and more responsive than ever before.
Plus, with two USB ports,6. it's now easier than ever to stay connected 
to your devices.
What's more, dual 4.2" colour instrumentation display screens 7. 
give you everything from driving mode to fuel usage, all on low-glare, 
high-quality flat screens.
Need help getting the perfect park? At the press of a button, Active Park 
Assist1. helps you ﬁ  nd a parking spot that's just the right fit, then virtually 
parallel parks the vehicle. Just push the button, put the vehicle into gear, 
take your hands of   the wheel and watch it perfectly steer itself into your 
parking space. All you have to do is work the accelerator and brakes.
The Cross-Traffic Alert 1. will signal if it senses traffic coming from 
either direction when you’re reversing out of a parking spot or driveway.  
The Blind Spot Information System (BLIS) 1. helps monitor the traffic 
you can't see. When changing lanes, indicator lights in the side mirrors 
let you know if there’s a vehicle detected in your blind spot. 
If your indicator isn’t on and you start drit  ing from the centre of the lane, 
the Lane Keeping System1. can help guide the vehicle back through gentle 
steering torque. If you keep drit  ing, Lane Departure Warning emits a 
warning vibration through the steering wheel. 
If you have younger drivers in the family, MyKey™ 2. lets you program 
the key fob to limit car settings — like top speed, audio volume and 
the ability to make and take calls.
Wish Cruise Control was even cruisier? Well now it is. Adaptive Cruise 
Control with Forward Collision Alert 1. can help you keep your distance 
from the trai   c in front. If it senses slow moving trai   c, it slows down. 
EverEverrest Titanium shown.n DemoemoD onstrs ratiotioon ofno fnonn ActAcc ivev Parkarkk AssA ist.s
1. Active Park Assist and Blind Spot Information System (BLIS) with Cross-Traﬃ   c Alert available on Titanium only. Lane Keeping System (LKS) and Adaptive Cruise Control with Forward Collision Alert available on Trend and Titanium. 
Driver-assist features are supplemental and do not replace the driver’s attention, judgment and need to control the vehicle. May not operate at certain speeds, or in certain driving, road or weather conditions. BLIS with Cross-Traﬃ  c Alert is 
designed to operate at speeds above 10km/h. LKS is designed to operate at speeds over 65 km/h on multi-lane roads with clearly visible lane markings. 2. Available on Trend and Titanium. Available on Ambiente models produced from April 2017. 
ASSIST ANCE IN ALL THE RIGHT PLACES
When the trai   c clears, it goes back to your pre-set speed, or maintains 
a pre-set distance from the car in front. It can even detect the potential 
for an accident to occur, alert you with a brake light warning on your 
windscreen and precharge your brakes.
DemomoD nstrststnstrs atioatioation ofn o AdaAdaaaptivptivve CreC re C uiseuise ConConoo troltrol.
DemoDemoDemoDemDemmomonstrnstrn atioation ofofofn oon AdaAdaptivptive Cre Cruiseuise ConContrtroltroltrotrolroro wwitwitww h Foh Forwarward Cod CodC oCooollisllisllisllisllisission Alert.
DemoDemoDemoDemoDememDem nstrnstrnstrnstratioatioatioationonon of Blind Spotot InfInfoInformation n SySySysSystem.
AIRBAGSEMERGENCY 
ASSISTANCE
DYNAMIC
STABILITY 
CONTROL
This is one car with a protective side. The Everest features 
seven airbags and ultra-high strength steel,  including front 
seat driver and passenger airbags, as well as seat-mounted 
side and side-curtain airbags. There’s even an airbag for the 
driver’s knee.
Stress less with  Dynamic Stability Control. 1. Designed to give 
you grip and control around tricky corners, and when you’re 
overtaking. For added safety, Roll Stability Control 1. can detect 
the potential for the vehicle to roll and kicks in to restore stability.
Overseas model shown.
Stay ready, even when the road’s not. If you’re driving on uneven 
roads or in crosswinds, the Everest’s Electric Power Assist Steering 
(EPAS) with Pull-Drift Compensation technology helps 
compensate for slight directional shit  s. 
And in the case of a collision where airbags are deployed or the 
fuel pump is shut of  , Emergency Assistance  is designed to use 
your mobile phone to call triple zero (000) and give them your 
exact location.2. 
PUTS SAFETY FIRST
1. Driver-assist features are supplemental and do not replace the driver’s attention, judgment and need to control the vehicle. May not operate at certain speeds, or in certain driving, road or weather conditions. 2. In the event of 
a crash which deploys an airbag or activates the fuel pump shut of , Emergency Assistance can use a mobile phone to dial emergency services. Phone must be paired and in range.
EverEE est Titaitaataaaaniumniumniuniuniumu intintinnininin erior sshhooown.
PowePowePowePower RerR ar LrLar Lar Li/f_ti/f_t g/f_t ggate.ate.ate...44.4.4PowePowePowerfolrfolrfold.d.d 33. 3rd-3rd-3rd-row row row w 50/550/5/550/50 sp0 sp0 sp0 sp0 sppplit.lit.lit.llit.lit.lit.lit.2.2.2222 2nd-2nd-22nd-rowrow row w 60/460/460//40 sp0 sp0 sp0 sp0 spspplit.lit.lit.lit.lit.lit.lit FoldFoldFolded sed sed seatieatiteat ng.ng.g.ng.ngg.
1. 5 seats standard in Ambiente models produced from April 2017. 7 seats optional in Ambiente models produced from April 2017 and standard in Trend and Titanium. 2. 3rd row 50/50 split seat optional on Ambiente models 
produced from April 2017. Standard on Ambiente models produced prior to April 2017. 3. Available on Titanium only.  4. Available on Trend and Titanium only. 
LOAD CARGO AND JUST GO
Leave nothing behind. The Everest’s interior is 
designed to get you and everything you need 
from A to B. 
Whether you choose the 5-seater Ambiente or a 
7-seater model 1., it's easy to switch between cargo and 
people. With a 2nd row 60/40 split seat across the 
range and 3rd row 50/50 split seat standard on Trend 
and Titanium (and optional on Ambiente 2.), you'll be 
able to fit everything from bicycles to camping gear.
Everest Titanium's Powerfold 3. 3rd row seat folds 
down ﬂ  at for a stable surface at the press of a button. 
One more touch and the seating position is restored. 
There are also an impressive 30 stowage compartments. 
With the Power Rear Liftgate 4. it's never been easier 
to pack a heavy load. Simply press the power button 
and watch the tailgate open and close by itself. 
EXTRAORDINARY PERFORMANCE 
MEETS EXCEPTIONAL EFFICIENCY
It’s time to elevate your expectations of what an SUV is capable of and choose either 4WD or RWD 1. to suit your driving 
style. The Everest packs 143kW of power with 470Nm of torque,  but it also boasts impressive fuel economy of 8.4L(RWD) 
– 8.5L(4WD)per 100km.2. Plus the sleek, aerodynamic design  delivers even greater fuel savings. So no journey is ever too far. 
11. 1. 1 RWDRWRWD RWD RWD RWD W optioptioptioptop on aon aon aon an availvailvailvailv ableableablableableininin in TrenTreTrenTreTre d. Ad. AdA lso lso lso so avaiavaivaiavv labllabllablla e ine ine inn AmbAmbAmbAmbientientientnnn e moe momodelsdelsd proproduceduced from April 2017.2.
 Fuel consumption anand emde mde md emd issiissiissiissions ons ons ons as pas pas pas per Aer Aer Aer ADR 8DR 8DR 8DR 81/021/021/02comcomccomcombinebinebineibibined cydc ydc yd cydc ydc ycle cle cleclecleleecleee and andandand andandandanddd to bto btoto bto bto btoooo bto e use useu se useu seeu seu suused fed fed fed fed fed fed fded for vor vr vor vor vor voor vehicehicehicehicle cle cle compampaapaompaomparisorisorison pupn pup rposrrposrposes oooes only.lylyyyy It t is uisu nlikely y thattt this 
fuelfuefuelfuellllelf conconconconconconcco sumsumpsumsumpumpm tiontiontionﬁggﬁ gﬁggure ure ure urewillwillwillll bebe be bebe b achiachihiachihiachievedevedevedevedin in inn realealrearealreeal worworworworld dld dld dld drivirivirir ving cng cngnggg ondiondiondiond tiontiont s. As. Actuactual fuel consuons mption will depend oon man ny factoctors irs incluncluludingdingdingdingthethethetheth drdridridridriver’ver’ver’ver’s has has has habitsbitsbitsbits, ex, ex, exexe ternternternternal cal cal cal condiondiondionditiontionttions ans ansas and thd thd tht e vee vee vehiclhiclhicle’s e’s e iequiequiiipmenpment, cttt, ctttctt condiondiondiondindiondondid tiontiontiontiontiontionntiti andandandandandandandndananaand useuseuseuseuseseuseuuusee.. EverEv est Titanium shoooown.www
Whether it’s packing the Everest with mountain bikes, attaching tents to 
the roof or towing the boat for a weekend away on the water, the Everest 
has the strength and capability to get you and your gear there. 
1. 1.
 SubjSubject ect to Statetate andand Te rTe rritoritory rry regule atioons. ns PaylPaylPayPayload oad oad is dis dss eﬁ neﬁ neﬁ nﬁ ed aed aed aas ths thhe Gre G oss ss ss ss VehiVehiVehVehiclecleclecl MassMassM ss mimminus tst he ke ke kerb erb massmassass. Payloayloayloayloaoadd isdd isd isd is thethethethe maxmaxmaxmaxm imummmummum comcomcomombinebibb d value e of oof oof oof oof occuccuccuccupantsantsts, ca, ca, ca, cargo,rgo,rgo,rgo,rgo,orgo, addaddaddaddaddadd ded oed oed oed optioptioptioptioptpt ns,ns, ns adadaddeadded structctctctureureuresure andand towtowtowtow ball downlonload dad adad 
(whe(when ton towingwing).We).Weightights ars are coe correcrrect fot for vehiclhiclclcclcc ees pe roduroduoduduoduoddrodduod ced ced ced ddced dceced fromfromfromfrffromf AprAprAprril 2il 2l 017.017.017.017   2. 22
 3,003,0003,0000000kg 0kg 00kg 0kg0kg is tisis the mhe mhe aximaximmum tum tu owinnng cag cag cag caaapacipacipappa ty uty usingsinggg a Ga Ga Ga Genuine Fne ne Fne Fordordord ord tow tt packpacpapackpacack. SuS. Su. Suubjecct tot tot tot to StaStaStaStaaatetete atte ate and Tnd Tnd Tnd Tnd Td Terrierrerrierrierrer torytotorytoryoryo regregulatulationsnsnsns. T ocomomomomc mmmmmmplplyply lplypppppp wiwiwitwithhhh thethethethethet se lse lse lse lsese imitimitimitimitim ssss, 
occuoccupantpants ans and / d / or lor luggauggage me may nay need to btooto e reestrictedcteddctedtedteee . FoFFo. FooFoFo. FFoFFoor fur fufur furf urf urf urf uurf urthertherthertherthehhh r der dedeeeeeeedetailtailtaitatattttailttailt s res res res regardgardgarddinging ggng ingng gg passpaspapaasspapapapa engeengeer ananr a dd lud luggagggg e ree ree stririictctctioct ns, s, pleapleapleaease cse cc consuonsuonsunsunsult ylt yll our our ur our authauthauthaut orisiorisorisorised Fed Fed Fed Fordoroo d DealDlDlDlDealDeaDe er aaand /nd /nd /nd / orooror referefereferefefeeferefreref r tor tor tor tothethethethethe OwnOwnOwnOwnOwnOwnerer’ser’ser’sManMMaMaMa ual.u   3. 333 Ambibiiienteenteenteente RRWRWDRWDRWWDWDD avaavaavaavailabilabilailabilabla le fle fle fle from rom romom
ApriAprip l 20l 2 17 p7 produroductioction. 
Max 
Payload1.
Max 
Roof Load
Max 
Towing Capablity2.
Ambiente RWD 3.
711kg 100kg 3000kg
Ambiente RWD
7-seater option 684kg 100kg 3000kg
Ambiente 4WD 757kg 100kg 3000kg
Ambiente 4WD
7-seater option 730kg 100kg 3000kg
Trend RWD 645kg 100kg 3000kg
Trend 4WD 693kg 100kg 3000kg
Titanium 4WD 606kg 80kg 3000kg
BUIL T FOR THE 
LONG HAUL
EverEverEverEveresesest es TitaTitaTitataniumnium shown.
EVEREST RANGE Vehicles produced from April 2017 1.
Everest Ambiente shown in Blue Reflex. Everest Trend shown in Aluminium. Everest Titanium shown in Sunset.
1. Please consult your Ford Dealer to conﬁ rm vehicle production date. 2. Driver-assist features are supplemental and do not replace the driver’s attention, judgment and need to control the vehicle. May not operate at certain speeds, or in certain 
driving, road or weather conditions. 3. Maintaining a steady speed of not more than 7km/h. 4. Subject to State and T erritory regulations. 3,000kg is the maximum towing capacity using a Genuine Ford tow pack. T o comply with these limits, occupants 
and/or luggage may need to be restricted. For further details regarding passenger and luggage restrictions, please consult your authorised Ford Dealer and/or refer to the Owner's Manual. 5. Not all SYNC® features are compatible with all phones. 
For compatibility, see ford.com.au/sync. Local laws may prohibit some or all of the phone functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 6. Ford Applink® is available on selected SYNC® models and is compatible 
with select smartphone platforms. Users must download an AppLink-enabled app from the usual store to your iOS or Android smartphone. Requires phone to be connected to SYNC®3 with a genuine USB cable (Apple devices) or Bluetooth® 
(Android devices). Warning: Local laws prohibit some or all of the text messaging functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 7. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc and Android™ is a trademark of Google 
Inc. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto require phones with compatible versions of Apple iOS and Android™ respectively, active data service and genuine USB cable (available separately). Message and data rates may apply. SYNC® does not control 
ReaReararar AirAir Cononditiditiioninoniing.g.g.
DynaDynaDynDynaD mic mic mic mic StabStabStabbbbStability Control.
T errerrain aina ManaManaan gegegemeg nt System (44WD oWDWD only)nly)nl .
3.2L2L Duratorqqq TDCi Engine.
AMBIENTE (RWD  & 4WD)
17/quotedbl.lftab Alloy Wheels
5 Seats (7 seats optional)
3.2L Duratorq TDCi Engine: 143kW/470Nm
Terrain Management System (4WD only)
Electronic Locking Rear Differential (4WD only)
Hill Descent Control 2. (4WD only)
Hill Launch Assist 2.
Cruise Control
Dynamic Stability Control 2.
225mm Ground Clearance
800mm Water Wading Ability 3.
3000kg Towing Capacity 4.
Trailer Sway Control 2.
Independent Front Suspension
Solid Rear Axle Suspension with Watt's Linkage
Auto On/Off Headlamps
Front Fog Lamps
Active Noise Cancellation
SYNC®3 Connectivity System 5. with Applink® 6. 
and Enhanced Voice Control 
8" Colour Touchscreen
Dual 4.2" Colour Instrumentation Screens
Apple CarPlay and Android Auto Integration 7.
MyKey ™  Control System
10 Speaker Audio System
Dual Zone Climate Control
Rear Ventilation Controls
Emergency Assistance 8. 
7 Airbags
Rear Parking Sensors
Rear View Camera
Factory-Fit Towbar (optional)
TREND (RWD & 4WD) Includes Ambiente features 9. plus:
18/quotedbl.lftab Alloy Wheels
7 Seats
Adaptive Cruise Control with Forward Collision Alert 2. 
Lane Keeping System 2. 
Power Rear Liftgate
Power Side Mirrors with Powerfold, Heater and Puddle Lamps
Electrochromatic Rear View Mirror
Running Boards
Rain Sensing Windscreen Wipers
Auto High Beam Control
Halogen Projection Headlamps
Halogen Daytime Running Lights
DAB+ (Digital Radio)
Front Parking Sensors
Rear Privacy Glass
Leather Wrapped Steering Wheel
Satellite Navigation with Voice Control 
and Traffic Message Channel 10.
TITANIUM (4WD) Includes Trend (4WD) features plus:
20/quotedbl.lftab Alloy Wheels
Heated Front Seats
Panoramic Power Sunroof with Power Blind
Blind Spot Information System (BLIS)  with Cross-Traffic Alert 2.
Semi-Auto Parallel Park Assist (Active Park Assist) 2. 
Tyre Pressure Monitoring System
High Intensity Discharge Headlamps
Signature LED Daytime Running Lights
8-Way Power Driver and Front Passenger Seats with Manual Lumbar
PowerFold 3rd Row Seat with 50:50 Split-fold Seat Back
Ambient Lighting
Leather Accented Seat Trim (excluding 3rd row)
Leather Wrapped Steering Wheel & Gear Shifter
Chrome Door Handles and Exterior Mirrors
Illuminated Front Scuff Plates
From the Ambiente to the top of the range Titanium, when it comes to 
combining practicality, space and the latest technology the Everest really 
is in a class of its own. 
Apple CarPlay or Android Auto while in use; Apple Inc and Android™ respectively are responsible for their functionality. Warning: 
Local laws prohibit some or all of the text messaging functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these 
functions. 8. Needs a paired and in range mobile phone. Can activate in the event of a crash which deploys an airbag or activates 
the fuel pump shut of . 9. Trend RWD includes Ambiente RWD features plus those set out in Trend list. Trend 4WD includes 
Ambiente 4WD features plus those set out in Trend list. 10. Traﬃ  c Message Channel is currently provided through an arrangement 
with Intelematics Australia Pty Ltd (Intelematics). The ongoing provision of this feature cannot be guaranteed if Ford’s 
arrangements with Intelematics cease for any reason.
Jet Black *
True Red
Meteor Grey *
Arctic White Aluminium *
Sparkling Gold *
Blue Reflex *
Sunset *
COLOURS
1.
Titanium
Seat insert: Soho Grain leather in River Rock (excludes 3rd row)
Seat bolster: Soho Grain perforated leather in River Rock (excludes 3rd row)
Trend
Seat insert: Mason fabric in Ebony
Seat bolster: Fineline fabric in Ebony
Ambiente
Seat insert: Mason fabric in Ebony
Seat bolster: Fineline fabric in Ebony
INTERIOR TRIMS
WHEELS
Ambiente wheel
17" x 8" alloy wheels 
265/65 R17 tyres
Matching spare wheel & tyre
Titanium wheel
20" x 8.5" alloy wheels 
265/50 R20 tyres
Matching spare wheel & tyre
Trend wheel
18" x 8" alloy wheels 
265/60 R18 tyres
Matching spare wheel & tyre
*Prestige paint is an option that incurs an additional charge. Everest Titanium shown for illustrative purposes. 1. Colours are correct for vehicles produced from April 2017. Please consult your authorised Ford Dealer to conﬁ  rm vehicle 
production date and to conﬁ  rm colour availability for vehicles produced prior to April 2017.
1. This accessory is a Ford Licensed Accessory (FLA). FLAs have been approved and endorsed by Ford. FLAs are warranted by Ford if sold by an authorised Ford Dealer. Consult your authorised Ford Dealer for details of the applicable 
warranty period. 2. This accessory is a Supplier Branded Accessory and is not manufactur ed or Warranted by Ford. The warranty is provided by the manufactur er of the accessory. The information in this document relating to the 
accessory is based on information provided by the accessory manufacturer. Contact your authorised Ford Dealer for details of the accessory manufacturer's warranty applicable to this accessory.  
S = Standard.   A = Accessory that can be added at any time.  – = Not available.  O = Factory Option that can be ordered before a vehicle is manufactured.
Models Ambiente RWD Ambiente 4WD Trend RWD Trend 4WD Titanium 4WD
Exterior
Alloy Wheel Lock Nut Set A A A A A
Bonnet Protector - Tinted (not compatible with Bull Bar) A A A A A
Bull Bar – Steel AAAAA
Bumper Lower Front A A A A A
Bumper Lower Rear (not compatible with T ow Pack) A A A A A
Weathershields AAAAA
Nudge Bar AAAAA
Head Lamp Guards A A - - -
Snorkel AAAAA
LED Light Bar (for use with Bull Bar and Nudge Bar) A A A A A
LED Underbody & Cargo Bay Illumination 1. AAAAA
Interior Styling and Protection
Cargo Cover AAAAA
Cargo Net AAAAA
Cargo Liner – Everest A A A A A
Carpet Mats Front A A S S S
Carpet Mats 2nd Row Floor A A S S S
Carpet Mats 3rd Row Floor A A A A A
Scuf  Plates Front – set of 2 with Everest logo A A A A S
Towing, Carrying and Outdoors
Rhino Rack Bike Carrier T owbar Hitch Mount2. AAAAA
Cargo Barrier AAAAA
Rhino Rack Carry Bars 2. AAAAA
Rhino Rack Carry Bar Accessories incl. Roof Boxes, Awnings & T ents2 AAAAA
T ow Pack A\O A\O A\O A\O A\O
Rhino Rack Wheel Step 2. AAAAA
UHF CB Radios 2.
ACCESSORIES
Everest Titaniums shown with Nudge Bar a nd Carry Bars. O verseas model shown.
Cargo Barrier. Rated to 60 kg and meets Australian Standard 
AS/NZ4034.1:2008.
Snorkel. Draws air from roof level providing cooler cleaner air to the 
engine and also provides a higher air intake position to assist with 
water crossings.
T ow Pack. Pack includes towbar, hitch, trailer wiring, LED compatible 
trailer wiring module and replacement lower bumper panel for a fully 
integrated finish.
Cargo Cover. Retractable cover helps keep equipment and valuables 
out of sight.
EverEverEve estesttt TitaTitaitaniumniumn shoshoh wn ﬁwn ﬁwn ﬁwn ﬁwn ﬁwn ﬁwnﬁw ﬁ ttettettettettettettettt ed wid wid wid wid d d wid d ww th Bth Bth Bth Bth Bth Bth Bth Bh Buullull ullullullull ullullu BarBaBarBarBarBarar andand anddanddnd SnorSnoSnornoSnorSnorSnornoroSnornoro kelkekel kel kelelkkel ekkkel acceacceccacceeccessorssorssorssorororrrories.ies.ies.ies.esii
Safety, Security & Driver Assistance
Emergency Assistance4. SS S S S
Remote Keyless Entry S S S S S
Terrain Management System - S - S S
Electronic Locking Rear Dif erential - S - S S
Hill Descent Control5. -S - S S
Hill Launch Assist5. SS S S S
Cruise Control S S - - -
Adaptive Cruise Control with 
Forward Collision Alert5. -- S S S
Adjustable Speed Limiter S S S S S
Steering Wheel Mounted Controls S S S S S
Driver Alert System - - S S S
Lane Keeping System5. -- S S S
Blind Spot Monitoring System (BLIS) 
with Cross-Trai  c Alert 5. - - -  - S
Active Park Assist 
(Semi-Auto Parallel Park Assist)5. - - - - S
Front Park Assist Sensors -  - S S S
Rear Parking Sensors S S S S S
Rear View Camera S S S S S
Auto On/Of  Headlamps S S S S S
Volumetric Alarm with 
Battery Backup System SS S S S
Airbags: Driver and Front Passenger S S S S S
Airbags: Side Front S S S S S
Airbags: Side Curtain (to 3rd row) S S S S S
Airbags: Driver's Knee S S S S S
Beltminder™ System 
(1st and 2nd row occupants) SS S S S
Dynamic Stability Control (DSC)5. 
Incorporating: 
- Anti-Lock Braking System (ABS)
- Rollover Mitigation
- Trailer Sway Control
- Traction Control System
SS S S S
1. Please consult your Ford Dealer to conﬁ rm vehicle production date. 2. Proper functioning requires use of Diesel Exhaust Fluid (AdBlue®) which must be reﬁ lled periodically. 3. Fuel consumption and emissions as per ADR 81/02 (combined cycle) 
and to be used for vehicle comparison purposes only. It is unlikely that this fuel consumption ﬁ gure will be achieved in real world driving conditions. Actual fuel consumption will depend on many factors including the driver's habits, prevailing 
conditions and the vehicle's equipment, condition and use. 4.Needs a paired and in range mobile phone. Can activate in the event of a crash which deploys an airbag or activates the fuel pump shut of . 5. Driver-assist features are supplemental 
and do not replace the driver’s attention, judgment and need to control the vehicle. May not operate at certain speeds, or in certain driving, road or weather conditions. 6. 7 Seat Ambiente option includes 5 child seat anchor points. 7. Not all 
SYNC®3 features are compatible with all phones. For compatibility, see ford.com.au/sync. Local laws may prohibit some or all of the phone functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 8.  Ford Applink® is 
available on selected SYNC® models and is compatible with select smartphone platforms. Users must download an AppLink-enabled app from the usual store to your iOS or Android smartphone. Requires phone to be connected to SYNC® 3 
with a genuine USB cable (Apple devices) or Bluetooth® (Android devices). Warning: Local laws prohibit some or all of the text messaging functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions. 9. Apple CarPlay is a 
trademark of Apple Inc and Android™ is a trademark of Google Inc. Apple CarPlay and Android Auto require phones with compatible  versions of Apple iOS and Android™ respectively, active data service and genuine USB cable (available 
separately). Message and data rates may apply. SYNC® does not control Apple CarPlay or Android Auto while in use; Apple Inc and Android™ respectively are responsible for their functionality. Warning: Local laws prohibit some or all of the text 
Mechanical Speciﬁ cations For vehicles produced from April 2017 1.
Speciﬁ cations
SPECIFYING YOUR EVEREST
Safety, Security & Driver Assistance continued
Electronic Power Assisted 
Steering (EPAS) SS S S S
Trailer Pre-Wiring S S S S S
Emergency Brake Assist5. SS S S S
Emergency Brake Light S S S S S
Independent Front Suspension System S S S S S
Solid Rear Axle Suspension with 
Watt’s Linkage SS S S S
Tyre Pressure Monitoring System  -  -  -  - S
Comfort & Convenience
Rain Sensing Windscreen Wipers  -  - S S S
Intermittent Variable Speed Front Wipers SS S S S
Follow-Me-Home Lighting S S S S S
Active Noise Cancellation S S S S S
Dual Zone Climate Control S S S S S
Rear Auxiliary Air Conditioning and Heater 
Controls at Back of Centre Console
SS S S S
Leather Wrapped Steering Wheel  -  - S S S
Leather Wrapped Gear Shit  er  -  -  -  - S
Overhead Console with Map Lights 
and Sunglass Holder SS S S S
Front Sunvisors with Illuminated 
Vanity Mirror  - - S S S
30 Stowage Areas (totalling 48L) S S S S S
 Floor Mats: Driver Only S S  -  -  -
Floor Mats: Front and Rear  -  - S S S
Electrochromatic Rear View Mirror  -  - S S S
Ambient Lighting  -  -  -  - S
Illuminated Front Scuf   Plates  -  -  -  - S
Power Windows with One Touch 
Up/Down and Global Open/Close SS S S S
Panoramic Power Sunroof 
with Power Blind  - -  -  - S
Pollen Filter S S S S S
Flip/Auto Spare Key  -  - S S S
Engine Ambiente RWD Ambiente 4WD Trend RWD  Trend 4WD Titanium 4WD
Engine 3.2L Duratorq TDCi Diesel
Engine Type 5 Cylinder
Engine Size 3198cm3
Maximum Power 143kW @ 3000rpm
Maximum Torque 470Nm @ 1750-2500rpm
No. of Valves 20
Bore x Stroke 89.9mm x 100.76mm
Fuel Management System Turbocharged Direct Commonrail Injection
Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) - Using AdBlue®2. S
Transmission
6-Speed Automatic Transmission S
Transmission Ratios
1st 4.17
2nd 2.34
3rd 1.52
4th 1.14
5th 0.87
6th 0.69
Reverse 3.400
Final Drive Ratio 3.73:1
Fuel Economy & Emissions
Fuel Diesel Diesel Diesel Diesel Diesel
Fuel Tank Capacity (L) 80 80 80 80 80
Combined Fuel Economy (L/100km)3. 8.4 8.5 8.4 8.5 8.5
CO2 Emissions (g/km)3. 221 224 221 224 224
Ambiente 
RWD 
Ambiente 
4WD
Trend 
RWD 
 Trend 
4WD
Titanium 
4WD
Ambiente 
RWD 
Ambiente 
4WD
Trend 
RWD 
 Trend 
4WD
Titanium 
4WD
messaging functions while driving. Check your local road rules before using these functions 10. Bluetooth® is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and is under license. Some phones not compatible.  11. Traﬃ  c Message Channel is currently 
provided through an arrangement with Intelematics Australia Pty Ltd (Intelematics). The ongoing provision of this feature cannot be guaranteed if Ford’s arrangements with Intelematics cease for any reason. 12. 3,000kg is the maximum towing 
capacity using a Genuine Ford tow pack. Subject to State and T erritory regulations. T o comply with these limits, occupants and / or luggage may need to be restricted. For further details regarding passenger and luggage restrictions, please consult 
your authorised Ford Dealer and / or refer to the Owner’s Manual. 13. Kerb mass includes the vehicle with a full tank of fuel, without occupants, luggage or cargo and with all standard equipment. Additional weight of optional features must be 
taken into account when calculating kerb mass. 14. Kerb weight of Ambiente RWD with 7 seat option is 2266kg. 15. Kerb weight of Ambiente 4WD with 7 seat option is 2370kg. 16. Subject to State and T erritory regulations. Payload is deﬁ ned as 
the Gross Vehicle Mass minus the kerb mass. Payload is the maximum combined value of occupants, cargo, added options, added structures and tow ball download (when towing). GVM must not be exceeded. 17. Payload for Ambiente RWD 
with 7 seat option is 684kg. 18. Payload for Ambiente 4WD with 7 seat option is 730kg. 19. Maintaining a steady speed of not more than 7km/h. 20. For Ambiente with 7 seat option, please refer to Trend and Titanium ﬁ gures. 
S = Standard.   O = Factory Option that can be ordered before a vehicle is manufactured.   – = Not available. 
Speciﬁ cations continued
Seating 
5 Seats S S  -  -  -
7 Seats (3rd row seat) O O S S S
Fabric Seat Trim S S S S -
Leather Accented Seats 
(excludes 3rd row)  - -  -  - S
6-Way Manual Driver Seat 
Adjustment with Lumbar Support SS S S -
4-Way Manual Adjustment 
Front Passenger Seat SS S S -
8-Way Power Driver and Front 
Passenger Seat with Manual Lumbar  - -  -  - S
2nd Row Seat with 60:40 Split-Fold 
Seat Back SS S S S
3rd Row Seat with 50:50 Split-Fold 
Seat Back OO S S -
Powerfold 3rd Row Seat with 50:50 
Split-Fold Seat Back  - -  -  - S
Heated Front Seats  -  -  -  - S
3 Child Seat Anchor Points 
(with 2 ISOFIX Anchors in the 2nd row)6. SS  -  -  -
5 Child Seat Anchor Points 
(with 2 ISOFIX Anchors in the 2nd row)6. OO S S S
Audio, Communication & Instruments
SYNC®3  Connectivity System7. with 
Applink®8. and Enhanced Voice Control SS S S S
8" Capacitive Touch Screen S S S S S
Dual 4.2" Colour Instrumentation Screens SS S S S
Apple CarPlay & Android 
Auto Integration9. SS S S S
MyKey™  Control System S S S S S
Bluetooth® Integration10. SS S S S
Dual Antenna System S S S S S
Single CD, AM/FM Audio System with 
10 Speakers (including subwoofer) SS S S S
DAB+ (Digital Radio) - - S S S
Steering Wheel Audio Controls S S S S S
USB Integration (2 ports) S S S S S
Auxiliary (Front) 12V Power Outlets x 2 S S S S S
Auxiliary (Centre) 12V Power Outlet S S S S S
Auxiliary (Cargo) 12V Power Outlet S S S S S
230V Inverter in Rear Console (150w) S S S S S
Satellite Navigation with Voice Control 
and Trai  c Message Channel11. -- S S S
Exterior
Running Boards S S S S -
Running Boards - Chrome Finish -  - -  - S
Front Grille - Satin Silver S S -  - -
Front Grille - Chrome - - S S S
Engine Cover -  - S S S
Bumpers - Body Colour S S S S S
Door Handles - Body Colour S S S S  -
Door Handles - Chrome - - -  - S
Power Rear Lit gate - - S S S
Halogen Projector Headlamps with 
Manual Headlamp Levelling - - S S  -
HID Headlamps with Auto 
Headlamp Levelling - - - - S
Halogen Daytime Running Lights - - S S -
Exterior
Signature LED Daytime Running Lights - - - - S
Auto High Beam Control - - S S S
Power Side Mirrors with Powerfold, 
Heater and Puddle Lamps -- S S S
Privacy Glass - 2nd and 3rd Row -  - S S S
17" Alloy Wheels S S -  -  -
18" Alloy Wheels - - S S  -
20" Alloy Wheels - - -  - S
Matching Spare Alloy Wheel and Tyre S S S S S
Prestige Paint O O O O O
Factory Fitted Options
Tow Pack O O O O O
Towing & Vehicle Masses (kg)
Maximum Towing Capacity - Braked12. 3000 3000 3000 3000 3000
Gross Combined Mass Incl. 
Braked Trailer 5700 5800 5700 5800 5800
GVM 2950 3100 2950 3100 3100
Kerb Weight13. 223914. 234315. 2305 2407 2494
Payload16. 71117. 75718. 645 693 606
Maximum Front Axle Load 1480 1480 1480 1480 1480
Maximum Rear Axle Load 1650 1750 1650 1750 1750
Exterior Dimensions (mm)
Overall Height 1837 1837 1837 1837 1837
Vehicle Width (without mirrors) 1860 1860 1860 1860 1860
Vehicle Width (with mirrors) 2180 2180 2180 2180 2180
Vehicle Length 4892 4892 4892 4892 4892
Front Overhang 905 905 905 905 905
Rear Overhang 1137 1137 1137 1137 1137
Front Track 1560 1560 1560 1560 1560
Rear Track 1564 1564 1564 1564 1564
Wheelbase 2850 2850 2850 2850 2850
Minimum Running (Ground) Clearance 225 225 225 225 225
Water Wading Ability19. 800 800 800 800 800
Approach Angle (kerb, degrees) 29.5 29.5 29.5 29.5 29.5
Departure Angle (kerb, degrees) 25 25 25 25 25
Ramp Breakover Angle (degrees) 21.5 21.5 21.5 21.5 21.5
Turning Circle (kerb to kerb, metres) 11.7 11.7 11.7 11.7 11.7
Interior Dimensions (mm)
Front Headroom 1017 1017 1017 1017 1017
Front Legroom 1058 1058 1058 1058 1058
Front Shoulder Room 1440 1440 1440 1440 1440
2nd Row Headroom 978 978 978 978 978
2nd Row Legroom 939 939 939 939 939
2nd Row Shoulder Room 1432 1432 1432 1432 1432
3rd Row Headroom20. - - 928 928 928
3rd Row Legroom20. - - 797 797 797
3rd Row Shoulder Room20. - - 1303 1303 1303
Cargo Volume (SAE, L)
Behind Front Seat (up to roof) 2010 2010 2010 2010 2010
Behind 2nd Row Seat (up to roof) 1050 1050 1050 1050 1050
Behind 3rd Row Seat (up to roof)20. - - 450 450 450
Ambiente 
RWD 
Ambiente 
4WD
Trend 
RWD 
 Trend 
4WD
Titanium 
4WD
Ambiente 
RWD 
Ambiente 
4WD
Trend 
RWD 
 Trend 
4WD
Titanium 
4WD
#Conditions and exclusions apply. For more information consult your authorised Ford Dealer.
This brochure details speciﬁ  cations and features of the Everest. Som e driver assistance features and safety features described in this bro chure are designed to function using sensors, whose performance may be 
af ected under certain weather or environmental conditions. Not all fea tures will be available on the entire Everest model range.  Please visit our website www.ford.com.au for more information.
This brochure is designed to provide you with a general introduction to the Ford Products (including available optional equipment) referred to, and should be read in conjunction with the latest speciﬁ  cation sheet. Images and 
illustrations are for information purposes and are indicative only. Because of changes in conditions and circumstances Ford* reserves the right, subject to all applicable laws, at any time, at its discretion, and without notice, to 
discontinue or change the features, designs, materials, colours and o ther speciﬁ  cations and the prices of its products, and to either permanently or temporarily withdraw any such products from the market without incurring 
any liability to any prospective purchaser or purchasers. The latest sp eciﬁ  cation sheet should be referred to for information on the availability, ordering and use of features and optional equi pment. Always consult an 
authorised Ford Dealer for the latest information with respect to features, speciﬁ  cations, prices, optional equipment and availability before deciding to place an order. 
*FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF AUSTRALIA LIMITED. (A.B.N. 30 004 116 223) Registered Oﬃ  ce: Level 1, 600 Victoria St, Richmond, Victoria 3121, Australia.  Ever est Brochure.  Printed May 2017.  BHFMC0885   FRD0002164
Speak to your Ford Dealer today about how we can help you make the most out of your vehicle ownership experience.
Quality
We design and build your Ford to feel as good after many 
years of service as it did the day you picked it up. And to 
drive just as beautifully, too.
Safety
Ford’s Intelligent Protection System uses sophisticated 
technology designed to help prevent an accident and, 
if one should happen, to help protect you.
Sustainability
Using advanced technology, we’re committed to creating 
vehicles with improved fuel economy, reduced CO 2 
emissions and a lower overall cost of ownership.
Smart
Vehicles with smart, intuitive technologies designed to
connect you to your world and many clever solutions that 
make life a little easier.
Discover more at ford.com.au
State Auto Club Roadside Assistance and Membership.
Our commitment to your complete satisfaction plays a major role in everything 
we do. That is why we provide a 12 month Roadside Assistance package 
including State Auto Club Membership for all Retail and Blue Fleet Customers 
(with ﬂ eets less than 5 vehicles). 
This package gives you access to the largest network of roadside assistance 
providers in the country, so you can be assured that you have non-stop coverage 
every day of the year. 
The beneﬁ ts of being a member are not limited to the peace of mind of 24/7 
roadside assistance. You also have access to a wide range of member beneﬁ ts 
including Show Your Card & Save. In addition, you will maintain any beneﬁ  ts 
accrued through your existing years of membership (where applicable). 
State Auto Club Roadside Assistance & Membership is valid for eligible Ford 
vehicles and is available from participating Authorised Ford Dealers only. Visit 
your local Ford Dealer or refer to for d.com.au for more information 
and full terms and conditions.
Warranties & Service.
3 year/100,000km new car warranty. # 
For three years or 100,000km, whichever comes ﬁ rst, your Ford is covered 
against any defects in factory materials or workmanship. This also applies to 
Genuine Ford Accessories you may have had ﬁ tted before you took delivery.
5 year warranty against perforation corrosion. # 
It’s reassuring to know that the original body of your gleaming new Ford
is guaranteed against perforation corrosion for the ﬁ rst ﬁ ve years of its life.
If perforation corrosion occurs, we’ll ﬁ x it for free.
myFord Warranties and Insurance.
When you ﬁ rst turn the key of your brand new Ford you want to do so without 
a care in the world. Our range of myFord products gives you that extra peace 
of mind. For more information about myFord Warranties and Insurance, 
visit your participating Ford Dealer for further details on the plans that best 
suit your needs. T erms, conditions and eligibility criteria apply.
12 months/15,000km service intervals.
Under normal driving conditions, service intervals are 12 months or 15,000km, 
whichever occurs ﬁ rst.
At Ford, we are committed to providing an outstanding ownership 
experience. For example, we think you should always know what you’re 
going to pay for a standard service, before you go in. So we offer a 
Service Price Promise for the life of your car, which means we’ll publish 
the maximum price you’ll pay for your next A or B logbook service at 
participating Authorised Ford Dealers on all vehicles built from 2007.  
However our service doesn’t end at the service garage. With each standard 
service at a participating Auto Club Dealer, Retail and Small Business 
Customers (ﬂ eets of less than ﬁ ve vehicles) will also receive up to 12 months 
Auto Club Membership (including Roadside Assistance), for up to 
seven years. Eligible customers will even have access to a loan car included 
with any scheduled service, through participating dealers. Why do we do all 
this? Because at Ford, we think that’s what s ervice should be.
For more details visit your participating local Ford Dealer or visit 
ford.com.au/service/t-and-c for full terms and conditions.
Running a ﬂ eet?
Our Ford Fleet team is here to 
assist you in any way we can. 
Please call 1300 13 13 30 
or email askﬂ eet@ford.com 
Ford For Good
From supporting national causes to 
community volunteering, we take our 
social responsibility seriously. Find out 
more at ford.com.au/about/community 
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns, 
please contact our Customer Relationship
Centre on 13 FORD (13 3673) or 
email customers@fordcrc.com.au
